---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                              April 3, 2012
                                                                                                Post-Close Summary

                                                         Rating      Price Target
Company                Ticker Price     Mkt. Cap       To     From      To     From     ThinkAction
                                        (M)

Industry Update
Application Software                                                                      100 IT Managers Suggest Strong
                                                                                        Spending Trends For KNXA, CRM,
                                                                                        LPSN, ACTV, ORCL

Industry Update

                                              100  IT  Managers  Suggest  Strong  Spending  Trends  For  KNXA,  CRM,
Application Software                          LPSN, ACTV, ORCL

                                              Our  recent  survey  of  100  IT  Managers*  points  to  positive  leading  indicators  for
                                              salesforce.com, LivePerson, Active Network and Oracle, as these companies distribute
                                              products  into  the  top-tier  Application  spending  categories.  We  are  also  bullish  on
                                              Kenexa and marginally more positive on Ultimate Software, and like the SaaS-based
                                              product suites from SilkRoad and Halogen as our field checks indicate the secular
                                              trends for Talent Management remain strong. Additionally, we think customers are
                                              increasingly  standardizing  on,  what  we  view  as,  best-in-class  SaaS-based  Talent
                                              Management platforms owing to the easing of competitor pressures. Reiterate Buys:
                                              KNXA, CRM, LPSN, ACTV and ORCL.

                                              Brian Schwartz— Application Software —415-249-1982—bschwartz@thinkequity.com

All relevant disclosures and certifications appear on pages 2 - 3 of this report                                Page 1
                                                                                                                           4
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                                                                                      April 3, 2012
                                                                                                       Post-Close Summary

                                                Important Disclosures

Analyst Certification
I, Brian Schwartz, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the
subject securities and issuers. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific
recommendations or views expressed in this research report.

The analyst(s) responsible for preparing this report has/have received compensation based on various factors, including the firm's total
revenues, a portion of which is generated by investment banking activities. The analyst(s) also receive compensation in the form of a
percentage of commissions from trades made through the firm in the securities of the subject company of this report, although not for any
investment banking transactions with or involving the subject company.

ThinkEquity LLC and/or an affiliate managed or co-managed a public offering of securities for The Active Network, Inc. in the past 12
months.
ThinkEquity LLC makes a market in The Active Network, Inc., Concur Technologies, Inc., salesforce.com, Inc., Kenexa Corporation,
LivePerson, Inc., Oracle Corporation, Taleo Corp. and The Ultimate Software Group, Inc. securities; and/or associated persons may sell
to or buy from customers on a principal basis.

ThinkEquity LLC has made affirmative disclosures concerning each of the covered securities mentioned in this report, including analyst
holdings (if any), rating definitions and overall ratings distributions. These disclosures can be found in the most recent complete research
report for each of the respective companies. Reports are available upon request.

                                                                                                                             Page 2
                                                                                                                                   5
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                                                                      April 3, 2012
                                                                                                       Post-Close Summary

Rating Definitions

Effective October 7, 2009, ThinkEquity LLC moved from a four-tier Buy/Accumulate/Source of Funds/Sell rating system to a three-tier
Buy/Hold/Sell system. The new ratings appear in our Distribution of Ratings, Firmwide chart. To request historical information, including
previously published reports or statistical information, please call: 866-288-8206, or write to: Director of Research, ThinkEquity LLC, 600
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California, 94111.

Buy: ThinkEquity expects the stock to generate positive risk-adjusted returns of more than 10% over the next 12 months. ThinkEquity
recommends initiating or increasing exposure to the stock.

Hold: ThinkEquity expects the stock to generate risk-adjusted returns of +/-10% over the next 12 months. ThinkEquity believes the stock
is fairly valued.

Sell: ThinkEquity expects the stock to generate negative risk-adjusted returns of more than 10% during the next 12 months. ThinkEquity
recommends decreasing exposure to the stock.

                                               Distribution of Ratings, Firmwide

                                                       ThinkEquity LLC

                                                                                                         IB Serv./Past 12 Mos.
Rating                                                          Count              Percent                Count        Percent
BUY [B]                                                           133                67.51                   12           9.02
HOLD [H]                                                           53                26.90                    1           1.89
SELL [S]                                                           11                 5.58                    0           0.00
                                                                  

This report does not purport to be a complete statement of all material facts related to any company, industry, or security mentioned.
The information provided, while not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness, has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable.
The opinions expressed reflect our judgment at this time and are subject to change without notice and may or may not be updated. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied, is made regarding future performance. This notice shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor
shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which said offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state. This research report was originally prepared and distributed to institutional clients
of ThinkEquity LLC.

Recipients who are not market professionals or institutional clients of ThinkEquity LLC should seek the advice of their personal financial
advisors before making any investment decisions based on this report. Stocks mentioned in this report are not covered by ThinkEquity
LLC unless otherwise mentioned.

Additional information on the securities mentioned is available on request. In the event that this is a compendium report (covers more than
six ThinkEquity LLC-covered subject companies), ThinkEquity LLC may choose to provide specific disclosures for the subject companies
by reference. To request more information regarding these disclosures, please call: 866-288-8206, or write to: Director of Research,
ThinkEquity LLC, 600 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California, 94111. Stocks mentioned in this report are not covered by ThinkEquity
LLC unless otherwise mentioned.

Member of FINRA and SIPC.

Copyright 2012 ThinkEquity LLC, A Panmure Gordon Company

                                                                                                                             Page 3
                                                                                                                                    6
