---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                         December 29, 2011
                                                                                        Morning Research Summary

                                                          Rating      Price Target
Company                Ticker Price     Mkt. Cap       To      From      To      From     ThinkAction
                                        (M)

Initiations
The Active Network, Inc. ACTV  $13.01  $817.0           B              $18.00            ACTV: Initiating Coverage With A
                                                                                          Buy Rating And $18 Price Target

Industry Update
Broadband Mobility                                                                        Broadband Mobility and
and Communications                                                                      Communications Infrastructure:
Infrastructure                                                                              Year Ahead 2012
Infrastructure Software                                                                     Infrastructure Software: Year Ahead
                                                                                          2012

Initiations

The Active Network, Inc.  (ACTV, $13.01, Buy)
                                              ACTV: Initiating Coverage With A Buy Rating And $18 Price Target
                       To         From
Changes              (Current)   (Previous)
                                              We initiate coverage of The Active Network with a Buy rating and $18 price target.
Rating                    Buy
                                              We believe The Active Network will continue to deliver strong growth because event
Price Target            $18.00                organizations  increasingly  realize  they  need  a  SaaS-based  registrations  lifecycle
FY11 REV (M)          $334.3E                 management platform to increase participation rates, automate online registrations,
FY12 REV (M)          $388.5E                 and better manage business operations. Additionally, a deep competitive moat, strong
                                              secular  trends  (offline-to-online  registrations/transactions/advertisement  trends),  a
FY11 EPS              ($0.05)E
                                              proven predictable & profitable operating model and with the shares declining ~23%
FY12 EPS               $0.15E
                                              over the past four months (versus the NASDAQ +6%), it now looks like a buying
                                              opportunity for long-term investors, in our view.

                                              Brian Schwartz— Application Software —415-249-1982—bschwartz@thinkequity.com

Industry Update

                                              Broadband  Mobility  and  Communications  Infrastructure:  Year  Ahead
Broadband Mobility and                        2012
Communications Infrastructure
                                              While we have no call on the global macro outlook, we see Broadband Mobility as a
                                              major theme in 2012 with several major disruptors and technology upgrades on the way.
                                              Specifically, we believe 1) 4G/LTE will come to mass market smart phones and tablets
                                              in 2H12 and drive new infrastructure shifts including carrier WiFi, small cells, and IP
                                              adaptive traffic management, 2) we believe Windows8 on ARM will offer low-cost/high
                                              performance/longer battery life as mobile technologies penetrate the PC market from
                                              the bottom-up, 3) Apple will disrupt the TV industry with its iTV, and 4) lower cost access
                                              solutions will bring broadband to the "have nots" in developed and developing regions.

                                              Mark McKechnie— Broadband Mobility and Communications Infrastructure —415-249-1988
                                              —mmckechnie@thinkequity.com

All relevant disclosures and certifications appear on pages 3 - 4 of this report                                 Page 1
                                                                                                                             100
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                                                                          December 29, 2011
                                                                                         Morning Research Summary

                                               Infrastructure Software: Year Ahead 2012
Infrastructure Software
                                               We expect the security group to have an especially strong year on fundamentals
                                               in 2012, with solid demand (e.g. revenue growth of 12%, 2-3x the rate of global IT
                                               spending growth) and product news in firewall, intrusion prevention, encryption, and
                                               data protection. Key underlying trends in IT which are driving demand for security
                                               should continue to be virtualization in the data center, cloud adoption, managed service
                                               adoption, and the nightly news. We regard newsflow, apart from product introductions
                                               and potential IPOs, as a regular catalyst for the security group. While unfortunate,
                                               network-driven attacks on institutions and brands, denial of service extortion, data theft
                                               and cyber-warfare are part of the new normal of online communication, commerce and
                                               social dependency.

                                               Daniel Cummins— Infrastructure Software —212-468-7010—dcummins@thinkequity.com

                                                                                                                        Page 2
                                                                                                                               101
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                                                                December 29, 2011
                                                                                              Morning Research Summary

                                                 Important Disclosures

Analyst Certification
I, Brian Schwartz, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the
subject securities and issuers. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific
recommendations or views expressed in this research report.
I, Daniel Cummins, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the
subject securities and issuers. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific
recommendations or views expressed in this research report.
I, Mark McKechnie, hereby certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the
subject securities and issuers. I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific
recommendations or views expressed in this research report.

The analyst(s) responsible for preparing this report has/have received compensation based on various factors, including the firm's total
revenues, a portion of which is generated by investment banking activities. The analyst(s) also receive compensation in the form of a
percentage of commissions from trades made through the firm in the securities of the subject company of this report, although not for any
investment banking transactions with or involving the subject company.

ThinkEquity LLC and/or an affiliate managed or co-managed a public offering of securities for The Active Network, Inc., InvenSense, Inc.
and Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. in the past 12 months.
The analyst(s) principally responsible for the preparation of this report, Mark McKechnie, and/or a member of his/her household currently
has a financial interest in ARM Holdings, plc in the form of a long position in the common stock.
ThinkEquity LLC makes a market in The Active Network, Inc., Apple Inc., EMC Corporation, Fortinet, Inc., Harmonic Inc., InvenSense, Inc.,
Motorola Mobility Holdings, Inc., Microsoft Corporation, Mindspeed Technologies, Inc., Nokia Corporation, QUALCOMM Inc., Research
In Motion Limited, Ubiquiti Networks, Inc. and VeriSign, Inc. securities; and/or associated persons may sell to or buy from customers on
a principal basis.

ThinkEquity LLC has made affirmative disclosures concerning each of the covered securities mentioned in this report, including analyst
holdings (if any), rating definitions and overall ratings distributions. These disclosures can be found in the most recent complete research
report for each of the respective companies. Reports are available upon request.

                                                                                                                              Page 3
                                                                                                                                     102
---------------------Page 4---------------------

                                                                                                              December 29, 2011
                                                                                            Morning Research Summary

Rating Definitions

Effective October 7, 2009, ThinkEquity LLC moved from a four-tier Buy/Accumulate/Source of Funds/Sell rating system to a three-tier
Buy/Hold/Sell system. The new ratings appear in our Distribution of Ratings, Firmwide chart. To request historical information, including
previously published reports or statistical information, please call: 866-288-8206, or write to: Director of Research, ThinkEquity LLC, 600
Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California, 94111.

Buy: ThinkEquity expects the stock to generate positive risk-adjusted returns of more than 10% over the next 12 months. ThinkEquity
recommends initiating or increasing exposure to the stock.

Hold: ThinkEquity expects the stock to generate risk-adjusted returns of +/-10% over the next 12 months. ThinkEquity believes the stock
is fairly valued.

Sell: ThinkEquity expects the stock to generate negative risk-adjusted returns of more than 10% during the next 12 months. ThinkEquity
recommends decreasing exposure to the stock.

                                              Distribution of Ratings, Firmwide

                                                       ThinkEquity LLC

                                                                                                         IB Serv./Past 12 Mos.
Rating                                                         Count               Percent               Count         Percent
BUY [B]                                                           109                64.90                  14           12.84
HOLD [H]                                                           47                28.00                    2           4.26
SELL [S]                                                           12                 7.10                    0           0.00
                                                                  

This report does not purport to be a complete statement of all material facts related to any company, industry, or security mentioned.
The information provided, while not guaranteed as to accuracy or completeness, has been obtained from sources believed to be reliable.
The opinions expressed reflect our judgment at this time and are subject to change without notice and may or may not be updated. Past
performance should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future performance, and no representation or warranty, express or
implied, is made regarding future performance. This notice shall not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy, nor
shall there be any sale of these securities in any state in which said offer, solicitation, or sale would be unlawful prior to registration or
qualification under the securities laws of any such state. This research report was originally prepared and distributed to institutional clients
of ThinkEquity LLC.

Recipients who are not market professionals or institutional clients of ThinkEquity LLC should seek the advice of their personal financial
advisors before making any investment decisions based on this report. Stocks mentioned in this report are not covered by ThinkEquity
LLC unless otherwise mentioned.

Additional information on the securities mentioned is available on request. In the event that this is a compendium report (covers more than
six ThinkEquity LLC-covered subject companies), ThinkEquity LLC may choose to provide specific disclosures for the subject companies
by reference. To request more information regarding these disclosures, please call: 866-288-8206, or write to: Director of Research,
ThinkEquity LLC, 600 Montgomery Street, San Francisco, California, 94111. Stocks mentioned in this report are not covered by ThinkEquity
LLC unless otherwise mentioned.

Member of FINRA and SIPC.

Copyright 2011 ThinkEquity LLC, A Panmure Gordon Company

                                                                                                                            Page 4
                                                                                                                                   103
