---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                                      
                              
                              

                                                                                         MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
                                                                                         NORTH AMERICA 
                     
                                                                                          
                                                                                         Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated Adam Jonas, CFA 
                                                                                                                  Adam.Jonas@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                                  +1 212 761 1726 
                                                                                                                  Joshua Paradise, CFA 
                                                                                                                  Joshua.Paradise@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                                  +1 212 761 4014 
                                                                                                                  Ravi Shanker 
                    April 7, 2011                                                                                 Ravi.Shanker@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                                  +1 212 761 6350 

                    Tesla Motors Inc.                                                                             Yejay Ying 
Stock Rating                                                                                                      Yejay.Ying@morganstanley.com 
Overweight                                                                                                        +1 212 761 7096 
                    Catalyst Roadmap 
Industry View 
In-Line                                                                                  Key Ratios and Statistics 
                     
                    How do we get there?   Our recent Tesla upgrade                      Reuters: TSLA.O  Bloomberg: TSLA US 
                    “America’s Fourth Automaker” (March 31, 2011) is                     Autos & Auto-Related / United States of America 
                    based on top-line assumptions that are >3x above                     Price target                                     $70.00
                    consensus longer-term.  Investors are asking us what is              Shr price, close (Apr 5, 2011)                   $26.70
                    the path to unlock value nearer term?  We identify six               Mkt cap, curr (mm)                               $2,541
                    catalysts that we believe can move the stock in 2011:                52-Week Range                               $36.42-14.98
                                                                                          
                        1.  Capital raise:  We estimate Tesla’s gross                     
                             liquidity troughs at $146 MM in 2013, after a               Recent Reports 
                             $150 MM equity raise.  Without the capital raise,           Title                                              Date
                             Tesla may need to slow expansion plans.  We                 Tesla Motors Inc.: America’s Fourth         Mar 31, 2011
                             model the equity raise in 2H11.                             Automaker 
                                                                                         Adam Jonas, CFA / Joshua Paradise, CFA / Ravi   
                        2.  Oil price moves.  A $1 rise in gas price per                 Shanker / Yejay Ying 
                             gallon costs US consumers $130bn (approx 1%                 Cree, Inc.: Market Likely Overestimates      Apr 5, 2011
                                                                                         Earnings Power 
                             of US GDP), improving the economic and social               Joshua Paradise, CFA / Smittipon        
                             rationale for EVs.  We estimate a $10 move in               Srethapramote / Timothy Radcliff 
                             oil price is worth around 5% to Tesla’s stock.              Tesla Motors Inc.: The Natural Oil Hedge                          Apr 4, 2011
                                                                                         Adam Jonas, CFA / Joshua Paradise, CFA / Ravi  
                                                                                         Shanker / Yejay Ying 
                        3.  Powertrain wins.  Daimler and Toyota use 
                                                                                         Global Auto Monitor                                                                     Mar 31, 2011
                             Tesla’s powertrain in current or future EVs.                Adam Jonas, CFA / Noriaki Hirakata, CFA /   
                             Additional models with these or other OEMs                  Stuart Pearson, CFA / Kate Zhu, CFA / 
                                                                                         Sangkyoo Park / Binay Singh / Jeremy C Chen
                             serve as further validation of Tesla’s technology 
                             and as well as a source of cash.   

                        4.  Detail on Model X and Gen 3.  We expect a 
                             Model X design study released by the LA auto 
                             show (Nov ’11).  We forecast the “Gen 3,” a 
                             $30k higher volume EV to launch in 2017.  Most 
                             analyst models reflect little value for this project.     

                        5.  Road test reports of the Model S could be on 
                             newsstands as early as 4Q11.  Such opinions 
                             carry significant weight with prospective car 
                             buyers and can impact stock sentiment.   

                        6.  1Q earnings, expected the first week of May. 
                             Key metrics are Model S reservations, 
                             Roadster units and ASPs, Model S production                 Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
                                                                                         companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As 
                             ramp, R&D and capex, and rate of cash burn.   
                                                                                         a result, investors should be aware that the firm may 
                    We don’t expect Tesla to hit $70 overnight, nor in a          have a conflict of interest that could affect the 
                                                                                         objectivity of Morgan Stanley Research. Investors 
                    straight line.  Our forecasts and valuation approach are 
                                                                                         should consider Morgan Stanley Research as only a 
                    radically different from the prevailing view.  Our thesis            single factor in making their investment decision. 
                    requires a combination of near-term execution and 
                                                                                         For analyst certification and other important 
                    long-term industry developments to come to fruition.                 disclosures, refer to the Disclosure Section, 
                                                                                         located at the end of this report. 

                                                                                                                                             139
---------------------Page 2---------------------

 
                                                                     MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                     April 7, 2011 
                                                                     Tesla Motors Inc. 

(1) Capital raise:  We estimate that Tesla’s gross liquidity         units, and grow to 370,000 units by 2025, accounting for over 
bottoms at $146 MM in 2013, after a $150 MM equity raise,            80% of Tesla’s vehicle volumes.   
which we model in 2H11.  A key positive catalyst could be the 
completion of a sufficient capital raise to diminish concerns that   Exhibit 1 
Tesla would have insufficient capital to produce and ship the        Tesla Model X 
Model S, fund the design of the Model X, and build a 
distribution network.  Without the capital raise, we believe 
Tesla would have to slow expansion plans.   

We would also view as an incremental positive if strategic 
partners Daimler, Toyota or Panasonic invest additional capital.  
Note that foreign entities would have to file Hart–Scott –Rodino 
(HSR) if their investment exceeded $66 MM.   

(2) Oil price moves.  On our calculations, a $10 rise in global                                                                     
oil prices is worth ~5% to Tesla shares.  A $1 move in US gas        Source: Motor Authority 
prices could be worth ~13% to Tesla shares as higher gas 
prices increase the attractiveness of electric vehicles and          TSLA itself has made few public statements about the Gen 3 
reduce the payback period.  Tesla offers a hedge against rising      and we believe most analyst models reflect little value.  There 
oil prices, the function of an EV costing around 3 cents per mile    is significant skepticism that battery costs will come down 
of electric energy usage vs. around 15 cents per mile for a          quickly enough to sell an electric vehicle around $30,000.  If 
typical internal combustion vehicle. The typical US driver buys      management shares more details about the Gen 3 with 
480 gallons of gas per year.  The burden of a $1 increase in gas     investors, the market could start to incorporate Gen 3 volumes 
price has an NPV cost of $3,500, equal to 25 to 30% of the cost      into forecasts, potentially driving upside in the shares.   
of a 100-mile-range EV battery ($12,500).  Seen another way, 
$1 rise in gas price reduces the payback period of an EV             Exhibit 2 
battery from 9.5 to 6.9 years at $500 per KWh and 25mpg for          Gen 3 Volumes are over 80% of Unit Sales in 2025e 
internal combustion engine.                                                        Roadster  Model S  Model X  Gen 3  Powertrain
                                                                          600
(3) Powertrain wins.  Daimler currently uses Tesla’s battery 
packs and chargers in electric versions of the Smart ForTwo               500
and the A-class.  Toyota plans to use Tesla’s entire electric 
                                                                          400
powertrain including the motor, battery pack, power 
management system, and charger in a new electric version of               300
the Rav4 small SUV, which Tesla is developing with Toyota.  
                                                                          200
Toyota is paying Tesla $69 MM over 5 quarters for 
development of the Rav4 powertrain, accounting for 35% of                 100
2011e revenues.  To date, the anticipated volumes on the 
Daimler and Toyota powertrain agreements are small, typically               0
below 2,000 units, but they serve as validation of Tesla’s 
technology.  Higher volumes and/or additional OEM                                                                                  
agreements would be a significant positive catalyst, in our          Source: Company data, Morgan Stanley Research 
view.   
                                                                     If we exclude Gen 3 from our forecast, our DCF-based value 
(4) Further detail on upcoming models, esp. the Gen 3: We            and our 2025e EPS would each be about 55% lower; our DCF 
expect TSLA could show a concept version of its Model X              without Gen 3 falls to $32 per share and our EPS in 2025e falls 
crossover as early as the LA Auto Show this November. We             to $5.85.  
believe any glimpse into the future model pipeline at TSLA 
could soothe investor fears about over-reliance on the Model S.      As management starts planning the Gen 3, and the market 
This is especially true of the “Gen 3,” a lower-priced higher        starts to incorporate Gen 3 volumes into forecasts, we see 
volume Tesla which we forecast to launch in 2017 with 30,000         upside to the shares.   

 
                                                                                                                                  2 
                                                                                                                                     140

                                                   Units ('000)

                                    2011
                                    2012
                                    2013
                                    2014
                                    2015
                                    2016
                                    2017
                                    2018
                                    2019
                                    2020
                                    2021
                                    2022
                                    2023
                                    2024
                                    2025
---------------------Page 3---------------------

 
                                                                    MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                    April 7, 2011 
                                                                    Tesla Motors Inc. 

(5) Road test reports of the Model S could be on newsstands 
as early as 4Q11.  A positive review could reduce skepticism 
that deliveries will begin on time in mid-2012 and would likely 
increase the pace of reservations.  We forecast that by the time 
Model S production begins, Tesla will have over 6,500 
reservations, creating a backlog of nearly six months of 
production.   

 (6) Quarterly earnings, expected the first week of May.  Key 
metrics are Model S reservations, Roadster sales volumes and 
ASPs, progress on Model S production ramp, R&D and capex 
spending.  We expect 400 new Model S reservations in the 
quarter, equal to the run rate in 4Q10, bringing total 
reservations to 3,800.  For Roadster sales, we expect forecast 
145 units at an average ASP of $126k, also in–line with 4Q10.  
Our EPS forecast of ($0.57) is below consensus of ($0.52) as 
we expect higher investment in R&D near-term.  In our view, 
disappointing quarterly earnings would likely drive the stock 
lower, but a positive earnings surprise is less likely to be a 
major catalyst than those detailed above.   

Valuation methodology and risk discussion.  We argue 
Tesla cannot be valued on near-term multiple metrics like 
traditional auto companies given that we expect Tesla to 
multiply revenues by over 20x from 2010 to 2015e, by more 
than 80x by 2020e and over 150x by 2025e.  We have thus 
chosen a 15-year time horizon for our DCF which captures the 
full utilization of Tesla’s manufacturing capacity in Fremont, the 
full maturation of the Model S, Model X (and top-hat 
derivatives) and also the ramp up of its mass market electric 
vehicle (the Gen 3).  We have applied a 12% WACC with a 
range of 10% to 14%.  The terminal value accounts for around 
60% to 70% of the total DCF value across the range of 
methodologies we have applied to arrive at our $70 PT.  The 
risks of lagging EV adoption, launch delays and balance sheet 
difficulties make Tesla a highly speculative investment. 

 

 
                                                                                                                                3 
                                                                                                                                   141
---------------------Page 4---------------------

 
                                                                           MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                           April 7, 2011 
                                                                           Tesla Motors Inc. 

 
                                                    
                           
                          
                                                   Morgan Stanley ModelWare is a proprietary analytic framework that helps clients 
                                                   uncover value, adjusting for distortions and ambiguities created by local accounting 
                                                   regulations. For example, ModelWare EPS adjusts for one-time events, capitalizes operating 
                                                   leases (where their use is significant), and converts inventory from LIFO costing to a FIFO 
                                                 
                                                   basis. ModelWare also emphasizes the separation of operating performance of a company 
                                                   from its financing for a more complete view of how a company generates earnings. 
  
                                                   Disclosure Section 
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared by Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. 
S.A., and/or Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. As used in this disclosure section, "Morgan Stanley" includes Morgan Stanley & Co. 
Incorporated, Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and their affiliates as necessary. 
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan 
Stanley Research Disclosure Website at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley 
Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA. 
Analyst Certification 
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and 
that they have not received and will not receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this 
report: Adam Jonas. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are research analysts. 
Global Research Conflict Management Policy 
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at 
www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. 
Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies 
As of February 28, 2011, Morgan Stanley beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of common equity securities of the following companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research: Meritor Inc, Tesla Motors Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley managed or co-managed a public offering (or 144A offering) of securities of BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor 
Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for investment banking services from  BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor Company, 
General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
In the next 3 months, Morgan Stanley expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services from BorgWarner Inc., Ford 
Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking services from 
BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Lear Corporation, Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has provided or is providing investment banking services to, or has an investment banking client 
relationship with, the following company: BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, 
Johnson Controls, Inc., Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has either provided or is providing non-investment banking, securities-related services to and/or in the past 
has entered into an agreement to provide services or has a client relationship with the following company: BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor Company, 
General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Lear Corporation, Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc.. 
An employee, director or consultant of Morgan Stanley (not a research analyst or a member of a research analyst's household) is a director of Ford 
Motor Company. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated makes a market in the securities of AutoNation Inc., BorgWarner Inc., Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, Ford Motor 
Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Group 1 Automotive, Inc, Johnson Controls, Inc., Lear Corporation, Magna 
International Inc., Meritor Inc, Penske Automotive Group, Inc, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based 
upon various factors, including quality of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment 
banking revenues. 
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, 
providing liquidity and specialized trading, risk arbitrage and other proprietary trading, fund management, commercial banking, extension of credit, 
investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. 
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions. 
STOCK RATINGS 
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). 
Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the 
equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since 
Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan Stanley 
Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as 
investment advice.  An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) 
and other considerations. 
Global Stock Ratings Distribution 
(as of March 31, 2011) 
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with NASD and NYSE requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside 
our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we 
cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold, and sell but represent recommended relative 
weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a buy 
recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively. 
 

 
                                                                                                                                             4 
                                                                                                                                                142
---------------------Page 5---------------------

 
                                                                               MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                               April 7, 2011 
                                                                               Tesla Motors Inc. 

                         Coverage Universe     Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
                                          % of                   % of % of Rating 
Stock Rating Category       Count        Total      Count  Total IBC  Category
Overweight/Buy 1195 42%             469            47%            39%
Equal-weight/Hold 1153 40%             406            40%            35%
Not-Rated/Hold 114 4%                22               2%            19%
Underweight/Sell 389 14%             108            11%            28%
Total 2,851  1005                      
 
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual 
circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan 
Stanley received investment banking compensation in the last 12 months. 
Analyst Stock Ratings 
Overweight (O). The stock's total return is expected to exceed the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, 
on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Equal-weight (E). The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Not-Rated (NR). Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the average total return of the 
analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Underweight (U). The stock's total return is expected to be below the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months. 
Analyst Industry Views 
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the 
relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant 
broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant 
broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; 
Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - relevant MSCI country index. 
. 
Stock Price, Price Target and Rating History (See Rating Definitions) 

                                                                                                                                                  

 
                                                                                                                                                     5 
                                                                                                                                                        143
---------------------Page 6---------------------

 
                                                                                       MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                                       April 7, 2011 
                                                                                       Tesla Motors Inc. 

Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers 
Citi Investment Research & Analysis (CIRA) research reports may be available about the companies or topics that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research.  Ask your 
Financial Advisor or use Research Center to view any available CIRA research reports in addition to Morgan Stanley research reports. 
Important disclosures regarding the relationship between the companies that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, Morgan 
Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or any of their affiliates, are available on the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney disclosure website at 
www.morganstanleysmithbarney.com/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. specific disclosures, you may refer to www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures and 
https://www.citigroupgeo.com/geopublic/Disclosures/index_a.html. 
Each Morgan Stanley Equity Research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.  This review and approval is conducted by the 
same person who reviews the Equity Research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley.  This could create a conflict of interest. 
Other Important Disclosures 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International PLC and its affiliates have a significant financial interest in the debt securities of BorgWarner Inc., Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, Ford 
Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Lear Corporation, Magna International Inc., Meritor Inc, Tenneco 
Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of 
Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the 
recommendations or views expressed in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For 
all research available on a particular stock, please contact your sales representative or go to Client Link at www.morganstanley.com. 
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the individual financial 
circumstances and objectives of persons who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and 
encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. The appropriateness of a particular investment or strategy will depend on an investor's individual 
circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors 
may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. 
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based 
upon various factors, including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or 
revenues), client feedback and competitive factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital 
markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy.  
The "Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or 
more of a class of common equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment 
of less than 1% in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley 
Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of 
securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by 
Morgan Stanley or associated persons. 
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, 
comprehensive information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley 
Research change apart from when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have 
not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel. 
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of 
associated expenses unless pre-approved by authorized members of Research management. 
The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, 
securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There may be time limitations on the exercise of options or 
other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.  Estimates of future performance are based on 
assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject company's 
securities/instruments. 
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
To our readers in Taiwan:  Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). Such information is for your 
reference only.  Information on any securities/instruments issued by a company owned by the government of or incorporated in the PRC and listed in on the Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong ("SEHK"), namely the H-shares, including the component company stocks of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong ("SEHK")'s Hang Seng China Enterprise 
Index is distributed only to Taiwan Securities Investment Trust Enterprises ("SITE"). The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely 
responsible for their investment decisions. Morgan Stanley Research may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express 
written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments. MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments. 
To our readers in Hong Kong: Information is distributed in Hong Kong by and on behalf of, and is attributable to, Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as part of its regulated 
activities in Hong Kong. If you have any queries concerning Morgan Stanley Research, please contact our Hong Kong sales representatives. 
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this research is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research will be distributed 
only upon request of a specific recipient.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC 
investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals, licenses, verifications and/or 
registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A.; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd.; in Hong Kong by Morgan 
Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents); in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or 
Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, which accepts responsibility for 
its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of 
Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail clients" within the meaning of the 
Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license No. 240813, which 
accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited; in 
Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited, which has approved of, and has agreed to take responsibility for, the contents of Morgan Stanley Research in Canada; in 
Germany by Morgan Stanley Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main and Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, regulated by 
Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin); in Spain by Morgan Stanley, S.V., S.A., a Morgan Stanley group company, which is supervised by the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (CNMV) and states that Morgan Stanley Research has been written and distributed in accordance with the rules of conduct applicable to 
financial research as established under Spanish regulations; in the United States by Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, which accepts responsibility for its contents.  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority, disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and approves 
solely for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates.  Morgan Stanley Private 
Wealth Management Limited, authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority, also disseminates Morgan Stanley Research in the UK.  Private U.K. investors 
should obtain the advice of their Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management representative about the investments concerned.  
RMB Morgan Stanley (Proprietary) Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and regulated by the Financial Services Board in South Africa.   RMB Morgan Stanley 
(Proprietary) Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly 
owned by FirstRand Limited. 

 
                                                                                                                                                                   6 
                                                                                                                                                                       144
---------------------Page 7---------------------

 
                                                                                      MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                                      April 7, 2011 
                                                                                      Tesla Motors Inc. 

The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as defined by the DFSA. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only 
be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets the regulatory criteria to be a Professional Client. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority (the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the 
QFCRA. 
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory 
activity. Investment advisory service is provided in accordance with a contract of engagement on investment advisory concluded between brokerage houses, portfolio 
management companies, non-deposit banks and clients. Comments and recommendations stated here rely on the individual opinions of the ones providing these 
comments and recommendations. These opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying 
solely to this information stated here may not bring about outcomes that fit your expectations. 
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or 
representations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages of any kind relating to 
such data.  The Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS") was developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P. 
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated and available primarily electronically, and, in some cases, in printed form. 
Additional information on recommended securities/instruments is available on request. 
  

 
                                                                                                                                                                 7 
                                                                                                                                                                     145
---------------------Page 8---------------------

                          
                                                                                     MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
                                
  

The Americas                                  Europe                                         Japan                                         Asia/Pacific 
1585 Broadway                                 20 Bank Street, Canary Wharf                   4-20-3 Ebisu, Shibuya-ku                      1 Austin Road West 
New York, NY 10036-8293                       London E14 4AD                                 Tokyo 150-6008                                Kowloon 
United States                                 United Kingdom                                 Japan                                         Hong Kong 
Tel: +1 (1) 212 761 4000                      Tel: +44 (0) 20 7 425 8000                     Tel: +81 (0) 3 5424 5000                      Tel: +852 2848 5200 

 

Industry Coverage:Autos & Auto-Related 

Company (Ticker)                              Rating (as of)Price* (04/06/2011)

Adam Jonas, CFA 
Ford Motor Company (F.N)                             O (10/04/2010)                             $15.73
General Motors Company (GM.N)              O (12/28/2010)                             $32.87
Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA.O)                            O (03/31/2011)                             $26.49
Ravi Shanker 
AutoNation Inc. (AN.N)                                      U (03/10/2011)                             $35.22
BorgWarner Inc. (BWA.N)                               O (10/22/2009)                             $77.76
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company                 O (03/16/2010)                             $25.34
(CTB.N) 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company               O (03/10/2011)                               $15.2
(GT.N) 
Group 1 Automotive, Inc (GPI.N)                 U (10/22/2009)                             $43.51
Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI.N) O (06/14/2010)                             $41.36
Lear Corporation (LEA.N) U (09/23/2010)                             $48.47
Magna International Inc. (MGA.N) U (03/10/2011)                             $48.69
Meritor Inc (MTOR.N)                                         O (09/23/2010)                                    $17
Penske Automotive Group, Inc                 U (10/22/2009)                             $20.93
(PAG.N) 
TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.                O (09/10/2010)                             $54.83
(TRW.N) 
Tenneco Inc. (TEN.N)                         U (09/23/2010)                             $42.32

Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company. 
* Historical prices are not split adjusted. 
 

 
© 2011 Morgan Stanley 

                                                                                                                                                                           146
