---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                                      
                              
                              

                                                                                         MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
                                                                                         NORTH AMERICA 
                     
                                    The Institutional Investor 2011 All-America           
                                                                                         Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated 
                                    Research Team Survey is now open for voting.                                  Adam Jonas, CFA 
                                    We would appreciate your vote as part of the                                  Adam.Jonas@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                                  +1 212 761 1726 
                                    feedback that helps us understand who you value 
                                    and align our research offering with your needs.                              Joshua Paradise, CFA 
                                                                                                                  Joshua.Paradise@morganstanley.com 
                                    Request your ballot.                                                          +1 212 761 4014 
                                                                                                                  Ravi Shanker 
                    May 26, 2011                                                                                  Ravi.Shanker@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                                  +1 212 761 6350 

                    Tesla Motors Inc.                                                                             Yejay Ying 
Stock Rating                                                                                                      Yejay.Ying@morganstanley.com 
Overweight                                                                                                        +1 212 761 7096 
                    Bring on the X:  Capital Raise 
Industry View 
In-Line 
                    Lowes Risk Profile                                                   Key Ratios and Statistics 

                                                                                         Reuters: TSLA.O  Bloomberg: TSLA US 
                     
                                                                                         Autos & Auto-Related / United States of America 
                    Tesla announced plans to sell 8.2 million shares to                  Shr price, close (May 25, 2011)                  $28.98
                    raise $190-240 million depending on pricing and                      Mkt cap, curr (mm)                               $2,782
                    underwriter options.  The capital raise itself is no                 52-Week Range                               $36.42-14.98
                    surprise — management had indicated plans to raise                    
                    $150 million in 2H11 — but we view the larger size and               Recent Reports 
                    Daimler’s participation as incremental positives.  
                                                                                         Title                                              Date
                    Proceeds will help Tesla execute on the Model X launch 
                                                                                         Global Auto Monitor                                                                     May 19, 2011
                    and expand the distribution footprint – yet another                  Adam Jonas, CFA / Noriaki Hirakata, CFA /   
                    critical step to becoming America’s Fourth Automaker.                Stuart Pearson, CFA / Kate Zhu, CFA / 
                                                                                         Sangkyoo Park / Binay Singh / Jeremy C Chen
                                                                                         Global Solar: No pick-up in Italy, but Germany May 19, 2011
                    Daimler and CEO Elon Musk will participate in the                    showing signs of life 
                    offering.  In addition to the 5.3 million shares in the              Smittipon Srethapramote / Joshua Paradise,     
                                                                                         CFA / Timothy Radcliff / Andrew Humphrey / 
                    offering (6.1m with the greenshoe), Tesla CEO Elon                   Allen D Wells, CFA 
                    Musk will purchase 1.5m shares and Daimler affiliate                 Johnson Controls, Inc.: Quick Comment: Saft May 18, 2011
                    Blackstar Investco will purchase 577,000 shares.                     JV Split Could Signal More Aggressive Li-Ion
                                                                                         Ravi Shanker / Adam Jonas, CFA / Yejay Ying      
                    Daimler’s continued investment, now at a much higher                 Cree, Inc.: Lightfair Day 1: Pricing Pressure May 18, 2011
                    valuation, further validates Tesla’s competitive position.           Moderating; Incrementally Posi 
                                                                                         Joshua Paradise, CFA / Smittipon        
                                                                                         Srethapramote / Timothy Radcliff 
                    Capital raise helps de-risk the story.  The biggest risk             EnerNoc, Inc.: PJM Auction Results Mixed:  May 16, 2011
                    for Tesla is exhausting available liquidity before they can          Volumes Grow, Prices Fall 
                                                                                         Joshua Paradise, CFA / Smittipon        
                    ramp volume production.  By raising $40-90 million more              Srethapramote / Timothy Radcliff 
                    than the $150 million we had in our model, we estimate                
                    Tesla could withstand an additional 3-6 month delay in 
                    Model S.  Management intends to use the proceeds to 
                    accelerate development of the Model X crossover SUV.  
                    The company plans to show a prototype of the Model X 
                    by the end of 2011, with commercial introduction by 
                    4Q13, around 2 quarters earlier than we forecast.  
                    Management reiterated Model S deliveries are on track 
                    for mid-2012.  Tesla provided capex guidance through 
                    the next 7 quarters that implies 2012 spending around 
                    $50m higher than our forecast, consistent with its plans 
                    for an earlier model X launch than we have expected. 
                                                                                         Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
                    Bottom line:  Securing new permanent capital helps         companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As 
                    improve Tesla’s growth prospects while managing           a result, investors should be aware that the firm may 
                    risk at the same time.  Our valuation is based on                    have a conflict of interest that could affect the 
                                                                                         objectivity of Morgan Stanley Research. Investors 
                    longer-term developments for top-line growth, but the 
                                                                                         should consider Morgan Stanley Research as only a 
                    small wins are adding up fast.   A successful capital raise          single factor in making their investment decision. 
                    would remove the biggest near-term risk.   
                                                                                         For analyst certification and other important 
                                                                                         disclosures, refer to the Disclosure Section, 
                                                                                         located at the end of this report. 

                                                                                                                                             16
---------------------Page 2---------------------

 
                                                                           MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                           May 26, 2011 
                                                                           Tesla Motors Inc. 

 
                                                    
                           
                          
                                                   Morgan Stanley ModelWare is a proprietary analytic framework that helps clients 
                                                   uncover value, adjusting for distortions and ambiguities created by local accounting 
                                                   regulations. For example, ModelWare EPS adjusts for one-time events, capitalizes operating 
                                                   leases (where their use is significant), and converts inventory from LIFO costing to a FIFO 
                                                 
                                                   basis. ModelWare also emphasizes the separation of operating performance of a company 
                                                   from its financing for a more complete view of how a company generates earnings. 
  
                                                   Disclosure Section 
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared by Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. 
S.A., and/or Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. As used in this disclosure section, "Morgan Stanley" includes Morgan Stanley & Co. 
Incorporated, Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and their affiliates as necessary. 
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan 
Stanley Research Disclosure Website at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley 
Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA. 
Analyst Certification 
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and 
that they have not received and will not receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this 
report: Adam Jonas. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are research analysts. 
Global Research Conflict Management Policy 
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at 
www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. 
Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies 
As of April 29, 2011, Morgan Stanley beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of common equity securities of the following companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research: BorgWarner Inc., Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Tesla Motors Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley managed or co-managed a public offering (or 144A offering) of securities of BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor 
Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for investment banking services from  BorgWarner Inc., Cooper Tire & Rubber 
Company, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW 
Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
In the next 3 months, Morgan Stanley expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services from BorgWarner Inc., Ford 
Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking services from 
BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Lear Corporation, Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has provided or is providing investment banking services to, or has an investment banking client 
relationship with, the following company: BorgWarner Inc., Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, Ford Motor Company, General Motors Company, 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has either provided or is providing non-investment banking, securities-related services to and/or in the past 
has entered into an agreement to provide services or has a client relationship with the following company: BorgWarner Inc., Ford Motor Company, 
General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Lear Corporation, Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc.. 
An employee, director or consultant of Morgan Stanley (not a research analyst or a member of a research analyst's household) is a director of Ford 
Motor Company. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated makes a market in the securities of AutoNation Inc., BorgWarner Inc., Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, Ford Motor 
Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Group 1 Automotive, Inc, Johnson Controls, Inc., Lear Corporation, Magna 
International Inc., Meritor Inc, Penske Automotive Group, Inc, Tenneco Inc., Tesla Motors Inc., TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based 
upon various factors, including quality of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment 
banking revenues. 
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, 
providing liquidity and specialized trading, risk arbitrage and other proprietary trading, fund management, commercial banking, extension of credit, 
investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. 
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions. 
STOCK RATINGS 
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). 
Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the 
equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since 
Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan Stanley 
Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as 
investment advice.  An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) 
and other considerations. 
Global Stock Ratings Distribution 
(as of April 30, 2011) 
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with NASD and NYSE requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside 
our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we 
cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold, and sell but represent recommended relative 
weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a buy 
recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively. 
 

 
                                                                                                                                            2 
                                                                                                                                                17
---------------------Page 3---------------------

 
                                                                             MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                             May 26, 2011 
                                                                             Tesla Motors Inc. 

                        Coverage Universe     Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
                                        % of                   % of % of Rating 
Stock Rating Category       Count       Total     Count  Total IBC  Category
Overweight/Buy             1172 41%            470           48%           40%
Equal-weight/Hold          1158 41%            386           39%           33%
Not-Rated/Hold               114 4%               20             2%           18%
Underweight/Sell             384 14%            102           10%           27%
Total                      2,828  978                      
 
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual 
circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan 
Stanley received investment banking compensation in the last 12 months. 
Analyst Stock Ratings 
Overweight (O). The stock's total return is expected to exceed the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, 
on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Equal-weight (E). The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Not-Rated (NR). Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the average total return of the 
analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Underweight (U). The stock's total return is expected to be below the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months. 
Analyst Industry Views 
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the 
relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant 
broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant 
broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; 
Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - relevant MSCI country index. 
. 
Stock Price, Price Target and Rating History (See Rating Definitions) 

                                                                                                                                              

 
                                                                                                                                                 3 
                                                                                                                                                    18
---------------------Page 4---------------------

 
                                                                                       MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                                       May 26, 2011 
                                                                                       Tesla Motors Inc. 

Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers 
Citi Investment Research & Analysis (CIRA) research reports may be available about the companies or topics that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research.  Ask your 
Financial Advisor or use Research Center to view any available CIRA research reports in addition to Morgan Stanley research reports. 
Important disclosures regarding the relationship between the companies that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, Morgan 
Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or any of their affiliates, are available on the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney disclosure website at 
www.morganstanleysmithbarney.com/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. specific disclosures, you may refer to www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures and 
https://www.citigroupgeo.com/geopublic/Disclosures/index_a.html. 
Each Morgan Stanley Equity Research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.  This review and approval is conducted by the 
same person who reviews the Equity Research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley.  This could create a conflict of interest. 
Other Important Disclosures 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International PLC and its affiliates have a significant financial interest in the debt securities of BorgWarner Inc., Cooper Tire & Rubber Company, Ford 
Motor Company, General Motors Company, Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company, Johnson Controls, Inc., Magna International Inc., Meritor Inc, Tenneco Inc., TRW 
Automotive Holdings Corp.. 
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of 
Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the 
recommendations or views expressed in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For 
all research available on a particular stock, please contact your sales representative or go to Client Link at www.morganstanley.com. 
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the individual financial 
circumstances and objectives of persons who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and 
encourages investors to seek the advice of a financial adviser. The appropriateness of a particular investment or strategy will depend on an investor's individual 
circumstances and objectives. The securities, instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors 
may not be eligible to purchase or participate in some or all of them. 
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based 
upon various factors, including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or 
revenues), client feedback and competitive factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital 
markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy.  
The "Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or 
more of a class of common equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment 
of less than 1% in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley 
Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of 
securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by 
Morgan Stanley or associated persons. 
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, 
comprehensive information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley 
Research change apart from when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have 
not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel. 
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of 
associated expenses unless pre-approved by authorized members of Research management. 
The value of and income from your investments may vary because of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, 
securities/instruments prices, market indexes, operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There may be time limitations on the exercise of options or 
other rights in securities/instruments transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance.  Estimates of future performance are based on 
assumptions that may not be realized. If provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject company's 
securities/instruments. 
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
To our readers in Taiwan:  Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). Such information is for your 
reference only.  Information on any securities/instruments issued by a company owned by the government of or incorporated in the PRC and listed in on the Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong ("SEHK"), namely the H-shares, including the component company stocks of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong ("SEHK")'s Hang Seng China Enterprise 
Index is distributed only to Taiwan Securities Investment Trust Enterprises ("SITE"). The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely 
responsible for their investment decisions. Morgan Stanley Research may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express 
written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a 
recommendation or a solicitation to trade in such securities/instruments. MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments. 
To our readers in Hong Kong: Information is distributed in Hong Kong by and on behalf of, and is attributable to, Morgan Stanley Asia Limited as part of its regulated 
activities in Hong Kong. If you have any queries concerning Morgan Stanley Research, please contact our Hong Kong sales representatives. 
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this research is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research will be distributed 
only upon request of a specific recipient.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC 
investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals, licenses, verifications and/or 
registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A.; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd.; in Hong Kong by Morgan 
Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents); in Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or 
Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore, which accepts responsibility for 
its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of 
Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale clients" and "retail clients" within the meaning of the 
Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of Australian financial services license No. 240813, which 
accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited; in 
Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited, which has approved of, and has agreed to take responsibility for, the contents of Morgan Stanley Research in Canada; in 
Germany by Morgan Stanley Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main and Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, regulated by 
Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin); in Spain by Morgan Stanley, S.V., S.A., a Morgan Stanley group company, which is supervised by the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (CNMV) and states that Morgan Stanley Research has been written and distributed in accordance with the rules of conduct applicable to 
financial research as established under Spanish regulations; in the United States by Morgan Stanley & Co. Incorporated, which accepts responsibility for its contents.  
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc, authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority, disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and approves 
solely for the purposes of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates.  Morgan Stanley Private 
Wealth Management Limited, authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority, also disseminates Morgan Stanley Research in the UK.  Private U.K. investors 
should obtain the advice of their Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management representative about the investments concerned.  
RMB Morgan Stanley (Proprietary) Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and regulated by the Financial Services Board in South Africa.   RMB Morgan Stanley 
(Proprietary) Limited is a joint venture owned equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly 
owned by FirstRand Limited. 

 
                                                                                                                                                                   4 
                                                                                                                                                                       19
---------------------Page 5---------------------

 
                                                                                      MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                                      May 26, 2011 
                                                                                      Tesla Motors Inc. 

The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as defined by the DFSA. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only 
be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets the regulatory criteria to be a Professional Client. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority (the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the 
QFCRA. 
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory 
activity. Investment advisory service is provided in accordance with a contract of engagement on investment advisory concluded between brokerage houses, portfolio 
management companies, non-deposit banks and clients. Comments and recommendations stated here rely on the individual opinions of the ones providing these 
comments and recommendations. These opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying 
solely to this information stated here may not bring about outcomes that fit your expectations. 
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or 
representations of any kind relating to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages of any kind relating to 
such data.  The Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS") was developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P. 
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated and available primarily electronically, and, in some cases, in printed form. 
Additional information on recommended securities/instruments is available on request.  

 
                                                                                                                                                                 5 
                                                                                                                                                                     20
---------------------Page 6---------------------

                          
                                                                                     MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
                                
  

The Americas                                  Europe                                         Japan                                         Asia/Pacific 
1585 Broadway                                 20 Bank Street, Canary Wharf                   4-20-3 Ebisu, Shibuya-ku                      1 Austin Road West 
New York, NY 10036-8293                       London E14 4AD                                 Tokyo 150-6008                                Kowloon 
United States                                 United Kingdom                                 Japan                                         Hong Kong 
Tel: +1 (1) 212 761 4000                      Tel: +44 (0) 20 7 425 8000                     Tel: +81 (0) 3 5424 5000                      Tel: +852 2848 5200 

 

Industry Coverage:Autos & Auto-Related 

Company (Ticker)                              Rating (as of)Price* (05/25/2011)

Adam Jonas, CFA 
Ford Motor Company (F.N)                             O (10/04/2010)                             $14.58
General Motors Company (GM.N)              O (12/28/2010)                             $31.27
Tesla Motors Inc. (TSLA.O)                            O (03/31/2011)                             $28.98
Ravi Shanker 
AutoNation Inc. (AN.N)                                      U (03/10/2011)                             $33.83
BorgWarner Inc. (BWA.N)                               O (10/22/2009)                             $70.04
Cooper Tire & Rubber Company                 O (03/16/2010)                             $23.15
(CTB.N) 
Goodyear Tire & Rubber Company               O (03/10/2011)                             $17.11
(GT.N) 
Group 1 Automotive, Inc (GPI.N)                 U (10/22/2009)                             $38.23
Johnson Controls, Inc. (JCI.N) O (06/14/2010)                             $37.85
Lear Corporation (LEA.N) U (09/23/2010)                             $49.69
Magna International Inc. (MGA.N) U (03/10/2011)                             $48.77
Meritor Inc (MTOR.N)                                         O (09/23/2010)                             $15.63
Penske Automotive Group, Inc                 U (10/22/2009)                             $19.92
(PAG.N) 
TRW Automotive Holdings Corp.                O (09/10/2010)                             $54.97
(TRW.N) 
Tenneco Inc. (TEN.N)                         U (09/23/2010)                             $40.34

Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company. 
* Historical prices are not split adjusted. 
 

 
© 2011 Morgan Stanley 

                                                                                                                                                                           21
