---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                                     EQUITY RESEARCH

                                                                                                  INITIATION OF COVERAGE

 September 5, 2011                                                                           TECHNOLOGY/ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE

 Stock Rating:
                                                                  Tangoe
 OUTPERFORM

 12-18 mo. Price Target                                                    $14.00This Dance Partner Reduces Telecom Expenses;

 TNGO - NASDAQ                                      $11.33        Initiate with Outperform

 3-5 Yr. EPS Gr. Rate                                                             NASUMMARY

 52-Wk Range                                                        $12.77-$8.01      We are initiating coverage of Tangoe with an Outperform rating and a 12-18-month
 Shares Outstanding                                                          31.4M      price  target  of  $14.  Tangoe  is  a  leading  provider  of  communications  lifecycle
 Float                                                                                     18.6M      management  (CLM)  solutions  and  manages  ~$14.5B  of  the  ~$425B  worldwide

 Market Capitalization                                                   $352.3M      fixed/mobile  communications  spend  per  year,  more  than  any  other  vendor  in  the
                                                                  market. Combined with a sticky customer base, solid visibility into its future revenue
 Avg. Daily Trading Volume                                          235,556
                                                                  stream  and  meaningful  new  customer  additions,  we  expect  Tangoe  to  deliver
 Dividend/Div Yield                                                 $0.00/0.00%
                                                                  healthy  double-digit  revenue  and  EPS  growth  for  the  foreseeable  future.  Given
 Fiscal Year Ends                                                                   Dec       these solid fundamentals and an attractive valuation, we believe that Tangoe is well
 Book Value                                                                       ($1.32)      positioned  to  outperform  its  competitors  and  the  broader  markets  over  the  next
 2011E ROE                                                                              NA      12-18 months.

 LT Debt                                                                             $31.7MKEY POINTS
 Preferred                                                                                  NA
                                                                  n   Greenfield  opportunities  abound. TNGO  estimates  that  80%  of  enterprises
 Common Equity                                                               ($39M)
                                                                      use outdated, home-grown systems to manage fixed/mobile telecom assets. As
 Convertible Available                                                            No
                                                                      mobile  devices  proliferate  throughout  organizations,  coupled  with  increasing

 EPS Diluted                                                          privacy/regulatory concerns, it is clear to us many corporations will be unable to
                  Q1         Q2         Q3         Q4      Year        Mult.
                                                                      effectively manage this process going forward without a complete CLM solution.
 2009A                           --            --            --            --       0.16       70.8x

 2010A                           --            --            --            --       0.79       14.3x      nPlenty of growth drivers. TNGO has plenty of growth drivers in front of it (new

 2011E                   0.06A    0.06A       0.06       0.06       0.25       45.3xcustomers, penetrate existing accounts, international expansion, leverage in the
                                                                      model,  additional  strategic  alliances)  that  should  enable  it  to  sustain  at  least
 2012E                     0.09       0.09       0.09       0.10       0.38       29.8x
                                                                      15-20% organic growth for the foreseeable future.
 Trading range as of 7/27/11 IPO.
                                                                  n   Expect  more  acquisitions. TNGO  acquired  five  companies  in  the  past  four
                                                                      years to obtain technology, customers, and extend its geographic reach. These
                                                                      acquisitions enabled TNGO to develop and up-/cross-sell a holistic CLM suite to
                                                                      a larger installed base. Going forward, we expect TNGO to engage in additional
                                                                      tuck-in acquisitions to scale along these three axes.

                                                                  n   Attractive valuation. At $11.33, TNGO trades at 3.4x CY12E recurring revenue
                                                                      vs.   peers   at   4.3x.   Given   the   company's   growth   prospects,   solid   revenue
                                                                      visibility,  and  leverage  in  the  model,  we  believe  it  should  trade  in  line  with  its
                                                                      peers.

                                                                 Stock Price Performance                              Company Description

                                                                                                                       Tangoe is a leading provider of
                                                                              1 Year Price History for TNGO            communications lifecycle management (CLM)
                                                                                                                       software and services, specifically designed to
                                                                                                                   12
                                                                                                                       cover the entire lifecycle of an enterprise's
                                                                                                                   11  communications assets, from initial
                                                                                                                       procurement, through invoicing, to
                                                                                                                   10
                                                                                                                       decommissioning and disposal.
                                                                                                                   9
                                                                                                                   8
                                                                                                                   7
                                                                  Q2                                    Created by BlueMatrixQ3

                                                                 Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As
                                                                 a result, investors should be aware that the firm may have a conflict of interest that could affect the

Brad Reback, CFA                                              objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their

404-364-8728                                                     investment decision. See "Important Disclosures and Certifications" section at the end of this report for
Brad.Reback@opco.com                                             important disclosures, including potential conflicts of interest. See "Price Target Calculation" and "Key Risks
                                                                 to Price Target" sections at the end of this report, where applicable.

                                                                  Oppenheimer & Co Inc. 300 Madison Avenue New York, NY 10017 Tel: 800-221-5588 Fax: 212-667-8229   224
---------------------Page 2---------------------

Tangoe

                                             Investment Thesis    

                                             We are initiating coverage of Tangoe with an Outperform rating and a 12-18-month price 
                                             target of $14.  Tangoe is a leading provider of communications lifecycle management 
                                             (CLM) solutions, a segment of the software market focused on managing the lifecycle of 
                                             an enterprise‟s communications assets and services.  Tangoe‟s customers utilize its CLM 
                                             platform to reduce costs by identifying/resolving billing errors, optimize service plans for 
                                             usage patterns/needs, and manage used/unused telecom assets and services.  Further, 
                                             customers rely on Tangoe‟s solution to automate mobile device provisioning and facilitate 
                                             compliance with internal policies/regulatory requirements.  Through a combination of 
                                             organic growth, successful acquisitions, and strategic alliances, Tangoe manages 
                                             ~$14.5B (more than any other vendor in the market) of the estimated ~$425B of 
                                             worldwide fixed/mobile communications spend per year.     

                                             We believe Tangoe offers the most comprehensive CLM product in the market by 
                                             combining fixed and mobile telecommunications expense management (TEM) and mobile 
                                             device management (MDM) in one solution.  Coupled with what we believe to be a large 
                                             and underpenetrated market opportunity, Tangoe has a variety of growth drivers in front of 
                                             it (e.g., manage additional spend at existing accounts, new customer acquisitions, 
                                             international expansion) that should enable it to deliver healthy double-digit revenue and 
                                             EPS growth for the foreseeable future.  These dynamics, combined with a “sticky” 
                                             customer base, solid visibility into its future revenue stream, and opportunity for multiple 
                                             expansion, lead us to believe that Tangoe is well positioned to outperform its competitors 
                                             and the broader markets over the next 12-18 months.   

2

                                                                                                                                    225
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                                   Tangoe

Key Points 

Tangoe’s CLM solution delivers healthy ROI for its customers that prospective 
customers should find attractive in a volatile economic environment.  Tangoe‟s CLM 
solution enables customers to manage, centralize, and reduce fixed and mobile 
communications spend, improve operational efficiency and productivity, align third-party 
service agreements with corporate initiatives, and strengthen corporate governance by 
managing privacy concerns and compliance with regulations/internal policies.  We note 
that Tangoe experienced solid demand during the last recession, as recurring revenue 
grew over 20% during the „08/‟09 downturn.  Since that time, Tangoe‟s value proposition 
has become even more attractive, as it now offers telecom expense management (TEM) 
and mobile device management (MDM) in one solution.   

Multiple growth drivers to tap, given a growing and underpenetrated market.  First, 
the CLM market is still in its earliest stages of growth, as enterprises are just beginning to 
address the need to centrally manage a disparate inventory of fixed and mobile assets.  
This function should only increase in importance as enterprises connect mobile devices 
(smartphones, tablets) to the corporate network at an accelerating pace.  As a result of 
this growing complexity, companies will have to move off of outdated, home-grown 
systems to effectively manage telecom resources.  Given its leadership position in the 
CLM space, Tangoe should be able to effectively capture this large opportunity (Tangoe 
estimates that 80% of enterprises use internally developed systems/processes to manage 
telecom assets).  Additionally, international expansion and future acquisitions should 
augment Tangoe‟s long-term growth rate.  We expect the company to deliver at least 15-
20% organic recurring revenue growth for the foreseeable future.   

Lots of leverage in the model.  There is significant operating leverage in the model that 
should enable Tangoe to deliver healthy margin expansion over the next few years.  For 
example, Tangoe‟s gross margins took a hit this year (we expect GM to trend down to 
approximately 53% in 2011 from 56.3% and 55.7% in 2010 and 2009, respectively) as the 
company digests two recent acquisitions.  We note these integrations are on track and 
expect gross margins to increase back to 56% in 2012, with gross margins trending 
toward the low 60% range over the next 3-5 years.  Similarly, we expect Tangoe to deliver 
adjusted EBITDA margin in the mid-11% range in 2011 (increasing from 10.0% and 7.8% 
in 2010 and 2009, respectively) and believe it should steadily increase toward the 
company‟s long-term target of 24-26% as the business gains critical mass. 

Seasoned management team.  Tangoe has a seasoned management team with deep 
experience in the CLM industry.  Albert Subbloie co-founded Tangoe and has served as 
its president and CEO since 2000.  Gary Martino (CFO since July 2007) was a member of 
Tangoe‟s board from February 2000 to March 2007.  Additionally, Tangoe co-founder 
Charles Gamble has served in several leadership roles at the company since February 
2000, and Albert Rossini has served as EVP of Global Sales since December 2006.  We 
note that Tangoe has rounded out its core management team by bringing on other CLM 
industry veterans through the company‟s acquisitive past.  We believe that Tangoe has 
assembled a quality management team and expect it will keep the company focused on 
the long-term CLM opportunity.     

Attractive valuation.  At $11.33, Tangoe trades at 3.4x our CY12 recurring revenue 
projection of $107.5M, a discount to the SaaS (software as a service) peer group multiple 
of 4.3x.  Admittedly, Tangoe is not yet a pure SaaS-only shop (the MDM product is 
delivered via a dedicated hosted or as an on-premise solution but is expected to migrate 
to a SaaS architecture by the end of next year).  However, given the company's growth 
prospects, solid revenue visibility, and leverage in the model, we believe it should trade in 
line with its peers.  As a result, we apply a 4.1x CY12 recurring revenue multiple to arrive 
at our $14 price target. 

                                                                                        3

                                                                                       226
---------------------Page 4---------------------

Tangoe

                                              Note that there are risks entailed in an investment in TNGO.  Please see “Investment 
                                              Risks” on p. 18 for more information. 

                                               
                                               
                                               

4

                                                                                                                                       227
---------------------Page 5---------------------

                                                                                    Tangoe

Growth Drivers 

Over the past four years, Tangoe has delivered impressive growth, moving from a $13M 
business in 2006 to over $68M in 2010 (representing ~50% CAGR).  While Tangoe 
continues to grow its installed base, we expect it will take time to deeply penetrate new 
customers‟ fixed and mobile telecom spend.  However, we believe Tangoe is well 
positioned to take advantage of the enterprise mobile revolution as smartphones and 
tablets connect to the corporate network at an accelerating pace.  Given numerous growth 
drivers and building market awareness, we believe Tangoe is well positioned to deliver at 
least 15-20% organic recurring revenue growth for the foreseeable future. 

Through internal development and acquisitions, Tangoe has assembled a comprehensive 
product portfolio.  The company continues to invest in R&D and spends more in R&D than 
several of its competitors generate in revenues.  We expect continued investment in R&D 
to enable the firm to roll out enhancements to its CLM platform that should keep customer 
retention high, target new revenue drivers (e.g., cross/up-sell opportunities), and bolster 
the company‟s long-term growth prospects. 

Greenfield opportunities abound.  Tangoe manages ~$14.5B of the estimated ~$425B 
of annual fixed/mobile communications spend worldwide.  As mobile assets have 
proliferated throughout the enterprise, companies have built piecemeal systems and 
processes to manage their collective inventory of communications assets.  Tangoe 
estimates that 80% of enterprises use home-grown systems, which are often manual in 
nature.  Typically, this infrastructure is not robust and cannot efficiently scale to handle 
new devices, regulatory/internal controls changes, or technologies.  Without a 
comprehensive CLM package, it is difficult for organizations (and especially so for 
multinationals) to centrally manage the enterprise-wide universe of telecom assets, verify 
the accuracy of monthly bills, or allocate costs to specific divisions or users.  We also note 
that carriers often issue statements in different formats, currencies, and languages, adding 
to this complexity.   

We expect Tangoe to continue investment in sales and marketing to drive awareness and 
build pipelines for its CLM solution.  As enterprises increasingly support employee 
connectivity of mobile devices to the corporate network (each with separate data plans, 
contract terms, and monthly bills) and increasing privacy and regulations/internal policies 
become more complex, it is clear to us that many corporations will be unable to effectively 
manage this process using outdated, home-grown systems going forward.   

Room to further penetrate existing accounts.  Tangoe has done an admirable job of 
delivering ROI for its customers, and we believe there are significant opportunities to 
broaden these relationships to manage greater amounts of their fixed and mobile spend.  
For example, we estimate on average, Tangoe has penetrated only ~33% of telecom 
spend per client as various buying centers within a client often own different pieces of a 
corporation‟s telecom spend and it takes time to develop relationships throughout the 
enterprise.  In fact, 25-35% of new annual recurring revenue comes from existing 
customer relationships (expansion into new geographies, add-on products, general 
increases in spend under management).  We expect over time, customers should see the 
value of Tangoe‟s offering and be more willing to hand over additional business and/or 
buy complementary products/services.  Further, Tangoe‟s quota-carrying sales team is 
compensated on annual recurring revenue added, which aligns their interests with the 
firm‟s desire to penetrate existing accounts for incremental revenue opportunities.   

Based on our assumption the company has penetrated only ~33% of its installed base and 
currently manages ~$14.5B, we believe Tangoe has the opportunity to increase telecom 
spend managed to over $40B just by fully penetrating its existing customers.  While we do 
not anticipate Tangoe will ever win 100% of its customers‟ business, we believe the 

                                                                                         5

                                                                                       228
---------------------Page 6---------------------

Tangoe

                                              company will continue to expand its relationships, cross-sell/up-sell additional features 
                                              and services, and manage increasing amounts of telecom spend per customer over time. 

                                              Tangoe is not afraid to acquire technology, clients, and/or geographic presence.  
                                              Through much of its history, Tangoe has used acquisitions to augment its organic growth.  
                                              Over the past four years, Tangoe acquired five companies in order to obtain new 
                                              technology, grow its customer base, and extend its geographic reach.  Overall, these 
                                              deals allowed the firm to develop and integrate a holistic CLM offering and up-sell/cross-
                                              sell its combined CLM suite to a larger installed base.  We expect Tangoe to continue to 
                                              engage in tuck-in acquisitions over the next few years in order to continue scaling along 
                                              these three axes.   

                                              Strategic alliances a key part of Tangoe’s growth strategy.  In addition to its direct 
                                              sales force, Tangoe formed ~20 strategic alliances with a variety of channel 
                                              partners/resellers including ACS, Dell, HCL, and IBM.  These partners enable Tangoe to 
                                              extend its reach in the marketplace by reselling or white-labeling Tangoe‟s CLM solutions.  
                                              Partners often perform lead generation, sales, and ongoing management of customer 
                                              accounts.  Strategic alliances contribute approximately 25% to Tangoe‟s new sales, with 
                                              the IBM relationship alone accounting for revenues of 10.6% and 11.8% in 2010 and 
                                              2009, respectively.  

                                              Management notes that gross margins for partner sales are roughly consistent with direct 
                                              sales, as partners typically mark up the offerings to their clients.  In order to continue 
                                              expanding its market reach, we expect Tangoe to add one to two strategic relationships 
                                              (BPO and/or SI companies) over the next 12-24 months.  

                                              International expansion is in the early innings.  Approximately $3.5B of the ~$14.5B of 
                                              spend managed by Tangoe is domiciled internationally.  We note that in addition to 
                                              growing the overall size of the pie, Tangoe is looking to meaningfully expand its 
                                              international operations, since the vast majority of its international spend is from US-based 
                                              multinationals.  The company recently opened offices in Amsterdam (European HQ) and 
                                              China and has branches in London and Brussels.  Given the overall size of the market, 
                                              combined with the fact that Tangoe is just beginning to ramp its international presence, we 
                                              believe there is a significant opportunity for Tangoe to grow overseas.   

6

                                                                                                                                       229
---------------------Page 7---------------------

                                                                                     Tangoe

Industry Trends 

Over the past decade, the breadth, complexity, and sophistication of an enterprise‟s fixed 
and mobile communications infrastructure has increased exponentially.  Historically, much 
of an organization‟s telecom footprint was fixed in nature and included telephones, lines, 
circuits, switches, and fixed networks.  Now, significant advances in telecom technology 
have expanded the corporate network to include a variety of new devices/technologies 
including mobile devices (smartphones, tablets) or Voice over IP (VoIP).  We believe 
many organizations do not have tools or systems in place to centrally manage fixed and 
mobile telecom assets in an effective and efficient manner.   

CLM is big business...and growing.  Tangoe estimates that enterprises spend ~$425B 
per year to manage fixed and mobile telecom assets and services.  Gartner‟s research 
suggests that the TEM market should grow at over a 20% CAGR through 2013, with 
mobile growth outpacing fixed growth.  

However, many companies still use manual, home-grown solutions to manage 
communications assets.  As mobile assets have proliferated throughout the enterprise, 
companies have built piecemeal systems and processes to manage their collective 
inventory of communications assets.  Tangoe estimates that 80% of enterprises use 
home-grown systems, often manual in nature.  Typically, this infrastructure is not robust 
and cannot efficiently scale to handle new devices, regulatory/internal control changes, or 
technologies.  As a result, it is difficult for organizations (especially multinationals) to 
centrally manage the enterprise-wide universe of telecom assets, verify the accuracy of 
monthly bills, and/or allocate costs to specific divisions or users.  We note that carriers 
often issue statements in different formats, currencies, and languages, adding to this 
complexity. 

A simple example can help illustrate one of the many benefits of a CLM solution.  Many 
enterprises issue company-owned cell phones/smartphones to employees (or support 
bring-your-own-device programs) from a variety of carriers, each with a unique set of 
service options, contracts, and billing arrangements.  Besides the complexities associated 
with trying to manage the sheer volume of monthly bills, Tangoe believes that 25% of bills 
have errors that result in overcharges of ~4-8%.  Further, since voice/data plans are not 
always optimized for actual monthly usage, employers may overpay for high minute/data 
packages that go unused or conversely pay for overages as employees blow through their 
minutes or roam when traveling internationally.  Without a centralized solution, companies 
quite often do not have visibility into whether or not they are paying for access to devices 
assigned to inactive or terminated employees.  While this is just one example, it quickly 
distills the value and potential ROI benefits that a CLM solution can provide. 

Risk and policy management is increasing in importance.  Separately, as companies 
continue to add support for newer mobile devices to their network, it has become more 
difficult, yet increasingly more important, to protect confidential information and manage 
compliance with government/industry regulations or internal policies.  For example, 
several countries (such as Germany, Portugal, and Spain) require that invoices be 
encrypted and/or identifying data redacted prior to transmission outside of the country (we 
note that Tangoe has 88 global invoice processing centers to adhere to regulatory 
compliance).  Further, companies must be able to remotely monitor devices for 
compliance or “kill” devices should they be lost or stolen.  Mobile device support is only 
beginning to mature, with Gartner expecting 80% of enterprises to support tablets by 
2013.  Therefore, we believe that efficient corporate governance requires a centralized 
and automated solution to ensure regulatory requirements with laws and policies. 

Putting this all together, enterprises (especially multinational organizations) can no 
longer afford to go without a holistic view of their fixed/mobile assets and accompanying 

                                                                                          7

                                                                                        230
---------------------Page 8---------------------

Tangoe

                                             expenses, especially given increasing spend per year.  As mobile devices enter the 
                                             workplace at escalating rates, organizations need to enforce compliance and manage the 
                                             security risks that accompany these devices.  Therefore, we believe that the 
                                             aforementioned industry trends favor adoption of third-party CLM solutions over home-
                                             grown systems, and Tangoe is well positioned to be a formidable candidate at the RFP 
                                             table. 

                                              

8

                                                                                                                                     231
---------------------Page 9---------------------

                                                                                                                                                       Tangoe

                                                      Valuation     

                                                      Tangoe’s growth drivers, healthy fundamentals, and market leadership lead us to 

                                                      believe Tangoe’s shares should outperform the broader markets over the next 12-18 

                                                      months.  At current levels, Tangoe‟s stock trades at 3.4x our CY12 recurring revenue 

                                                      projection of $107.5M and is attractively priced, in our view.  We note Tangoe trades at a 

                                                      discount to the SaaS group, which currently trades at 4.3x CY12E recurring revenue.  

                                                      Admittedly, Tangoe is not yet a pure SaaS company, as its MDM product is still delivered 

                                                      via a dedicated hosted or as an on-premise solution.  However, Tangoe‟s flagship CMP 

                                                      suite is currently offered on-demand, and the company expects to migrate the MDM 

                                                      product to an SaaS architecture by the end of next year.  Given the company's growth 

                                                      prospects, solid revenue visibility, and leverage in the model, we believe it should trade in 

                                                      line with its peers.  As a result, we apply a 4.1x CY12 recurring revenue multiple to arrive 

                                                      at our $14 price target. 

                                                      The company‟s stage in its lifecycle, healthy organic growth (we expect the company to 

                                                      deliver at least 15-20% organic recurring revenue growth for the foreseeable future), 

                                                      positive acquisitive track record, and solid revenue visibility (~90% of revenues are 

                                                      recurring) lead us to believe that traditional P/E and cash flow-based valuation methods 

                                                      are less appropriate measures to value Tangoe‟s shares.  Instead, we believe that 

                                                      EV/recurring revenue is a more appropriate way to value the company and expect that 

                                                      EV/FCF will likely be another viable metric to value the company as it matures. 

                                                      The following table values Tangoe against other SaaS enterprise software companies: 

                                                       

                                                       

                                                       

                                                       

                                 09/01/11  Net    Ent.      Rec. Rev.                EV to Rec. Rev
Company           Ticker  Rating Price   Cash    Value    CY10E  CY11E    CY12E    CY10E CY11E CY12E
Ariba              ARBA    P      $26.94     240.6 $2,365  $248.3  $361.2 $422.2      9.5x 6.5x   5.6x
Concur            CNQR     O      $41.36     377.4 $1,886  $295.8  $354.5 $427.7      6.4x 5.3x   4.4x
ConstantContact     CTCT   O      $18.30     111.2  $430  $174.2  $214.7  $260.6      2.5x 2.0x   1.7x
Cornerstone OnDemand CSOD  NR     $15.41       80.9 $655           $72.7  $107.8            9.0x  6.1x
DemandTec         DMAN     NR      $6.22       65.4 $135   $79.7   $90.2  $101.2      1.7x 1.5x   1.3x
Kenexa            KNXA     O      $19.75       87.4 $423  $157.8  $212.7  $239.9      2.7x 2.0x   1.8x
NetSuite          N        NR     $31.65     118.3 $2,002  $193.2  $234.2 $279.2     10.4x 8.5x   7.2x
Responsys         MKTG     NR     $14.50       80.9 $1,031        $131.9  $159.6      N/M  7.8x   6.5x
Salesforce.com      CRM    P     $127.00     802.5 $17,416 $1,551.1 $2,073.4 $2,556.0     11.2x8.4x6.8x
SuccessFactors      SFSF   O      $22.59     357.4 $1,515  $209.4  $311.7 $371.1      7.2x 4.9x   4.1x
Taleo              TLEO    O      $25.44     141.4  $961  $202.4  $262.4  $316.6      4.7x 3.7x   3.0x
Ultimate Software     ULTI P      $49.28       54.0 $1,322  $170.9  $214.4$266.5      7.7x 6.2x   5.0x
Vocus             VOCS     NR     $20.62     116.6  $271   $97.9  $114.8  $132.9      2.8x 2.4x   2.0x

Average Multiple                                                                     6.1x  5.2x   4.3x

                                 09/01/11  Net    Ent.       Annual Rec. Rev         EV to Rec. Rev
Company           Ticker  Rating Price   Cash    Value     CY10  CY11E    CY12E     CY10 CY11E CY12E
Tangoe             TNGO    O     $11.33 $   (23) $      361 $57.7  $91.9  $107.5    6.3x  3.9x  3.4x
Source: Oppenheimer & Co., Reuters   Note: Estimates not covered by Opco are from First Call.

                                                                                                                                                             9

                                                                                                                                                           232
---------------------Page 10---------------------

Tangoe

                                            Company Background 

                                            Tangoe is a leading provider of CLM solutions, a segment of the software market focused 
                                            on managing the lifecycle of an enterprise‟s communications assets and services.  As 
                                            defined by Tangoe, CLM encompasses fixed and mobile planning and sourcing, 
                                            procurement and provisioning, inventory and usage management, invoice processing, 
                                            expense allocation and accounting, and asset decommissioning and disposal.  Tangoe‟s 
                                            primary offering, the communications management platform (CMP), is an SaaS-based 
                                            solution used to manage fixed and mobile communications assets and services.  Broadly 
                                            speaking, the two primary sub-sectors within the CLM universe are telecommunications 
                                            expense management (TEM) and mobile device management (MDM).  We note that 
                                            through a history of acquisitions and internal developments, Tangoe became one of the 
                                            first providers to integrate fixed and mobile CLM solutions as well as TEM and MDM 
                                            solutions in one platform.  As a result, Tangoe maintains a leadership position and offers 
                                            one of the most comprehensive CLM suites in the market.  The company believes it is 
                                            over three times larger than its nearest competitor.     

                                            Founded in 2000, Tangoe is headquartered in Orange, CT.  The company employs over 
                                            750 people across global offices including the United States, Amsterdam, and China 
                                            (Tangoe serves the Latin American market through local partners) and manages ~$14.5B 
                                            of the estimated ~$425B in fixed and mobile communications spend per year along with 
                                            over 1.7M mobile devices.  About ~50% of revenues is fixed TEM, ~40% is mobile 
                                            TEM/MDM, with the remaining ~10% coming from strategic consulting.  While MDM deal 
                                            sizes are typically smaller than TEM deals, we believe MDM represents an emerging 
                                            market and expect it will continue to grow from the less than 10% of total revenues it 
                                            comprises today.   

                                            Tangoe boasts of servicing over 615 end customers ranging from small companies with 
                                            150 employees to multinational corporations with over 350,000 employees.  While Tangoe 
                                            is not particularly levered to any one vertical, we note that technology and 
                                            finance/insurance each comprise approximately 15-20% of total revenue.  No single end 
                                            customer comprised more than 10% of total revenue from 2008 to 2010.  We note that 
                                            Tangoe typically adds 20-30 new customers a quarter. 

                                             

                                             

                                             

                                             

                                             

                                                              

10

                                                                                                                                  233
---------------------Page 11---------------------

                                                                                    Tangoe

Product Offering    

The Communications Management Platform is an SaaS-based solution that is offered on 
a subscription basis (with contracts that range from 24 to 60 months) and manages the 
lifecycle of fixed and mobile communications assets and services.  CLM integrates with 
leading ERP products such as SAP or Oracle to synch employee, accounting, user access 
authentication, and security policy information.  For those companies interested in 
outsourcing aspects of telecom management, Tangoe offers help desk, asset 
procurement and provisioning, and carrier dispute resolution through its Client Services 
Group.   

Tangoe’s CLM suite is both flexible and scalable, enabling the company to support 
smaller installations through global deployments.  About $3.5B of Tangoe‟s ~$14.5B 
managed spend is international, and the solution supports 16 languages, 125 currencies, 
200 countries/territories, and 1,900 billing formats for 1,700 carriers globally.  With support 
for 63 global regulatory bodies, coupled with holding 12 patents (and seven more 
pending), we believe Tangoe has created a sizable moat vis-à-vis its competitors. 

Tangoe offers CLM solutions in three base packages which can be sold separately or 
bundled together.  These packages include standard capabilities as well as the ability to 
add-on functionality.  The following is a brief overview of the three packages: 

       Asset Management – manages asset procurement, provisioning, tracking, and 
        disposal capabilities for fixed and mobile communications assets and services.  
        In particular, it provides: 

             o   Catalog Management – catalog communications services, devices, 
                 features, and plans 

             o   Procure – enforce workflow management capabilities to request and 
                 approve fixed/mobile service and equipment orders 

             o   Provision – use over-the-air (OTA) provisioning to configure mobile 
                 devices (with usage/security policies) and install corporate applications 

             o   Track – track communications assets including configuration, 
                 ownership, and operational/connectivity status  

             o   Maintain – deploy usage/security policies and updates to mobile devices 

             o   Dispose – erase and dispose of mobile devices 

     

       Expense Management – manages the lifecycle of fixed and mobile 
        communications billings.  In particular, it provides: 

             o   Contract Management – a central repository to manage contracts and 
                 agreements 

             o   Billing – import service and equipment bills into a centralized repository 

             o   Audit – evaluate billing data against contracts (rates, terms) and asset 
                 inventories to flag exceptions 

             o   Dispute – dispute and track billing, service, and asset exceptions with 
                 carriers/providers 

             o   Allocate – allocate expenses to business units, cost centers, and 
                 employees 

             o   Payment – automatically pay invoices (directly to vendor or feed A/P 
                 systems) based on predefined business rules 

             o   Optimize – evaluate contracts against actual usage to optimize billing 
                 contracts/plans 

     

                                                                                        11

                                                                                       234
---------------------Page 12---------------------

Tangoe

                                                      Usage Management – monitors (real-time and historical) fixed/mobile 
                                                       communications asset usage and compliance with corporate security policies.  In 
                                                       particular, it provides: 

                                                            o   Secure – delete data from and disable mobile devices 

                                                            o   Policy Management – define security and usage policies 

                                                            o   Monitor – monitor device usage for problem identification, fraud 
                                                                detection, and misuse of services 

                                                            o   Real-Time – monitor device-level usage costs to identify usages in 
                                                                violation of corporate policy or expenses related to roaming charges 

                                                            o   Compliance – enforce usage policies to limit functionality and track non-
                                                                compliant behavior 

                                                            o   Performance – monitor/manage wireless server infrastructure 
                                                                performance and mobile device configurations 

                                                            o   Support – provide mobile device support capabilities on a stand-alone 
                                                                basis or in conjunction with an existing corporate help desk 

                                                    

                                              While Tangoe‟s main revenue driver is recurring subscription revenue (which comprises 
                                              ~90% of total revenues), we note the company also offers strategic consulting services 
                                              including sourcing (review and negotiate contracts with carriers), bill auditing (identify 
                                              billing errors), inventory optimization (align assets with business need), mobile 
                                              optimization (optimize mobile policies/assets/contracts with business need), and policy 
                                              administration (develop enterprise policies for communications assets and services). 

                                              Tangoe sees a large and growing opportunity in the TEM/MDM space, and we expect 
                                              the firm to devote the majority of its sales and marketing resources toward growing the 
                                              recurring revenue side of the house.  While the strategic consulting business is still 
                                              important to Tangoe, we do not expect the firm to actively grow this segment of the 
                                              business and believe it will hover around 10% of revenues over the near term.   

                                               

                                               

                                               

12

                                                                                                                                        235
---------------------Page 13---------------------

                                                                                    Tangoe

Business Model 

Tangoe‟s TEM product is primarily delivered as an on-demand solution, whereas its MDM 
product is delivered via a dedicated hosted or on-premise solution (we note that Tangoe 
expects to migrate the MDM product to a SaaS architecture by the end of next year).  The 
firm has good visibility into its revenue stream each quarter, with about 90% of revenues 
recurring and the remaining coming from consulting and software licenses.  Tangoe‟s 
business model has proven to be relatively stable, as evidenced by over 20% recurring 
revenue growth during the „08/‟09 recession.  We note that Tangoe bills clients on a 
monthly basis.    

Tangoe‟s revenue model is levered to the dollar amount of communications spend 
managed (for fixed line contracts), number of devices managed (for mobile device 
contracts), and add-on functionality/services.  ASPs run north of $175K, with the top 100 
accounts averaging $574K.  MDM ASPs are lower than for TEM, which we expect to rise 
and which should help drive ASPs higher over the next few years.  About ~50% of 
revenues is fixed TEM, ~40% is mobile TEM/MDM, with the remaining ~10% coming from 
strategic consulting.  While MDM deal sizes are typically smaller than TEM deals, we 
believe MDM represents an emerging market and expect it will continue to grow from the 
less than 10% of total revenues it comprises today.     

Tangoe‟s target market ranges from small companies with several million dollars in 
telecom spend through multinational enterprises with over one billion dollars in telecom 
spend.  Contracts run for 24-60 months (with a typical contract averaging runs for 24-36 
months), and we note that Tangoe‟s customer base is pretty “sticky,” with retention rates 
in the mid-90s. 

Tangoe‟s quota-carrying sales team is compensated on annual recurring revenue added, 
which aligns the sales force with the firm‟s desire to drive sales in new accounts as well as 
penetrate existing accounts for incremental revenue opportunities.  While the sales cycle 
typically ranges from six to nine months, we note Tangoe can roll out a new 
implementation within 60-90 days. 

Tangoe sees a large and growing opportunity in the TEM/MDM space, and we expect the 
firm to devote the majority of its sales and marketing resources toward growing the 
recurring revenue side of the house.  While the strategic consulting business is still 
important to Tangoe, we do not expect the firm to actively grow this segment of the 
business and believe it will hover around 10% of revenues over the near term.   

As an aside, management disclosed that billings is not a metric that the company focuses 
on and believes it is a less important metric for Tangoe than it may be for other SaaS 
companies.  For example, while contracts run 24-60 months, Tangoe bills clients on a 
monthly basis and not one year (or more) in advance like other SaaS shops may.  
Second, much of Tangoe‟s deferred revenue makeup is related to legacy maintenance 
contracts (which is amortized annually) and will not be replenished with subscription 
contracts due to Tangoe‟s transition to a pure-SaaS shop.  

 

                                                                                        13

                                                                                        236
---------------------Page 14---------------------

Tangoe

                                             Recent Acquisitions & Strategic Alliances 

                                             Tangoe is not afraid to acquire technology, clients, and/or geographic presence.  
                                             Through much of its history, Tangoe has used acquisitions to augment its organic growth.  
                                             Over the past four years, Tangoe acquired five companies in order to obtain new 
                                             technology, grow its customer base, and extend its geographic reach.  Overall, these 
                                             deals allowed the firm to develop and integrate a holistic CLM offering and up-sell/cross-
                                             sell its combined CLM suite to a larger installed base.  We expect Tangoe to continue to 
                                             engage in tuck-in acquisitions over the next few years in order to continue scaling along 
                                             these three axes.  While Tangoe prefers cash-based deals, we note that management is 
                                             not averse to stock-based transactions. 

                                             Through these acquisitions and internal developments, Tangoe became one of the first 
                                             providers to integrate fixed and mobile CLM solutions as well as TEM and MDM solutions 
                                             in one platform.  The following section briefly highlights Tangoe‟s recent acquisition 
                                             history:     

                                                Telwares, Inc. – On March 16, 2011, Tangoe acquired Telwares‟ TEM business for 
                                                 $4.5M (with deferred cash payments of an additional $2.5M).  Through this 
                                                 acquisition, Tangoe extended its fixed/mobile capabilities by acquiring invoice 
                                                 management, call accounting, and MDM operations.  We note Telwares had ~75 
                                                 TEM customers that should contribute ~$8M in revenues during 2011.  Additionally, 
                                                 we expect Tangoe to migrate existing Telwares customers to Tangoe solutions over 
                                                 the next 12-18 months. 

                                                HCL Technologies – On January 25, 2011, Tangoe acquired HCL Technologies‟ 
                                                 Expense Management Services Inc. (HCL EMS) for $3M (with earnout payments of 
                                                 up to $3.4M).  Through this acquisition, Tangoe acquired TEM, invoice processing, 
                                                 and mobility management solutions.  We note that HCL had ~40 TEM customers that 
                                                 should generate ~$10M in revenues during 2011.  Additionally, we expect Tangoe to 
                                                 migrate existing HCL customers to Tangoe solutions over the next 12-18 months.   

                                                InterNoded, Inc. – On December 23, 2008, Tangoe acquired InterNoded, Inc., a 
                                                 provider of MDM solutions, for $3.3M.  Through this acquisition, Tangoe obtained 
                                                 MDM technology capabilities which enabled the firm to offer an integrated TEM and 
                                                 MDM solution.  

                                                Information Strategies Group, Inc. (ISG) – On July 28, 2008, Tangoe acquired ISG, 
                                                 a provider of telecom and IT expense processing services and technologies, for 
                                                 $11.9M.  Through this acquisition, Tangoe added international capabilities, acquired 
                                                 call accounting and bill chargeback/allocation technology, and grew its customer 
                                                 base. 

                                                TRAQ Wireless, Inc. – On March 9, 2007, Tangoe acquired TRAQ Wireless, Inc., a 
                                                 provider of mobile lifecycle management solutions, for $20.7M.  Through this 
                                                 acquisition, Tangoe acquired wireless expense management technology capabilities 
                                                 which enabled the firm to offer an integrated fixed and mobile TEM solution. 

                                             Expect Margin Expansion Over Time.  Tangoe delivered gross margins of 56.3% and 
                                             55.7% in 2010 and 2009, respectively.  We expect gross margins to trend down over 200 
                                             bps (to approximately 53%) in 2011 while the company digests the Telwares and HCL 
                                             acquisitions (HCL and Telwares have typically operated at lower margin structures).  We 
                                             note these integrations are on track and expect margins to increase back to 56% next 
                                             year as Tangoe fully integrates these purchases.  Over time (i.e., ~ three to five years), we 
                                             expect gross margins to trend higher toward management‟s long-term target of 61-63%.   

                                              

14

                                                                                                                                   237
---------------------Page 15---------------------

                                                                                     Tangoe

Due to the large and growing market opportunity, we agree with the company‟s investment 
in R&D and S&M.  Despite these investments, we expect adjusted EBITDA margin (a 
metric used by Tangoe management) to come in at the mid-11% range in 2011 
(increasing from 10.0% and 7.8% in 2010 and 2009, respectively) and believe it should 
steadily increase toward the company‟s long-term target of 24-26% as the business gains 
critical mass. 

Strategic Alliances a Key Part of Tangoe’s Growth Strategy.  In addition to its direct 
sales efforts, Tangoe formed ~20 strategic alliances with a variety of channel 
partners/resellers including ACS, Dell, HCL, and IBM.  These partners enable Tangoe to 
extend its reach in the marketplace by reselling or white-labeling Tangoe‟s CLM solutions.  
Partners often perform lead generation, sales, and ongoing management of customer 
accounts.  They can also provide implementation and consulting services related to the 
solution, branded as being provided by the partner itself.   

Strategic alliances contribute approximately 25% to Tangoe‟s new sales, with the IBM 
relationship alone accounting for revenues of 10.6% and 11.8% in 2010 and 2009, 
respectively.  The IBM relationship is the most mature relationship, and Dell is one of the 
newest (formed in March 2011).  While Tangoe does not have exclusive relationships with 
its strategic partners, management discloses that Tangoe is entrenched with these 
companies due to the complexity surrounding CLM solutions (e.g., partners need to have 
intimate knowledge of the CLM product to sell, implement, and support it, and it is often 
difficult to maintain such expertise across a variety of solutions).  Further, Tangoe issued 
common stock warrants to IBM and Dell that should incentivize them to actively sell its 
solution.  Separately, Gartner notes that Tangoe‟s partner revenues alone outpace the 
total revenues of other TEM players. 

Management notes that gross margins for partner sales are roughly consistent with direct 
sales as partners typically mark up the offerings to their clients.  In order to continue 
expanding its market reach, we expect Tangoe to add one to two strategic relationships 
with business process outsourcing firms and system integrators over the next 12-24 
months.  

                                                                                         15

                                                                                        238
---------------------Page 16---------------------

Tangoe

                                            Recent Results 

                                            Delivers solid 2Q11.  Tangoe released its 2Q11 quarterly results (its last complete 
                                            quarter as a private company) on August 23, 2011, that were in line with the company‟s 
                                            preliminary results provided in the S-1.  Overall, Tangoe delivered solid results across the 
                                            board and posted non-GAAP EPS of $0.06 on revenue of $26.0M, up 56% Y/Y and in line 
                                            with our estimates of $0.06 on revenue of $25.5M.  The results were led by healthy 
                                            recurring revenue growth, up 69% Y/Y to $23.5M from $13.9M.  Tangoe delivered organic 
                                            recurring revenue growth of 28% for 2Q11 and for 1H11, and recurring revenue comprised 
                                            90% of total revenue for the quarter (up from 83% in 2Q10 and 89% in 1Q11).  Last, 
                                            Tangoe posted adjusted EBITDA of $3.1M, up 90% Y/Y from $1.6M. 

                                            No signs of a slowdown.  Management highlighted it has not seen any impact to its 
                                            business from macro headwinds and notes its pipelines are strong and growing.  Recall 
                                            that Tangoe experienced solid demand during the last recession, as recurring revenue 
                                            grew over 20% (and against plan) during the „08/‟09 downturn.  Since that time, Tangoe‟s 
                                            value proposition has become even more attractive, as it now offers TEM and MDM in one 
                                            solution.   

                                            Customer retention rates are in the mid-90s, and the company added 25 new customers 
                                            during the quarter (it typically adds 20-30 a quarter).  Additionally, Tangoe rolled out the 
                                            latest version of its MDM suite, which contained device and application security 
                                            enhancements for Apple iOS and Android operating systems. 

                                            Acquisitions are on track.  Management highlighted that the HCL and Telwares 
                                            acquisitions are on track, and the company expects to complete the migrations over the 
                                            next 12-18 months.  We believe the company is ready to digest its next acquisition should 
                                            the opportunity for an acquisition present itself. 

                                            Issues 3Q11 and FY11 guidance.  Looking ahead, management expects 3Q11 non-
                                            GAAP EPS and revenue of $0.06/$26.3-26.7M.  The company also expects adjusted 
                                            EBITDA of $3-3.2M and 35.1M shares outstanding.  For FY11, the company now expects 
                                            non-GAAP EPS and revenue of $0.24-0.25/$101.4-102.2M.  The company also expects 
                                            adjusted EBITDA of $11.8-12.2M, 33.3M shares outstanding, and a tax rate of 8%.  
                                            Longer term, management is targeting an adjusted EBITDA margin of 24-26%. 

                                            Strong execution and good visibility should lead to upside.  Based on Tangoe‟s 
                                            strong growth during 1H11, visibility into future revenue, business momentum, market 
                                            opportunity and increasing market awareness, and healthy balance sheet post-IPO, we 
                                            believe the company is poised to deliver a strong second half of the fiscal year and can 
                                            deliver at least 15-20% organic recurring revenue growth for the foreseeable future.  
                                            Altogether, we expect non-GAAP EPS/revenue of $0.06/$26.5M and $0.25/$102.0M for 
                                            3Q11 and FY11, respectively. 

                                             

                                             

16

                                                                                                                                   239
---------------------Page 17---------------------

                                                                                  Tangoe

Competitive Landscape    

The CLM marketplace is highly fragmented and competitive, with competitors ranging 
from in-house solutions to third-party providers.  Often, in-house solutions are 
immature/manual in nature and do not offer the functionality, scalability, or productivity 
gains offered by Tangoe‟s CLM platform.  While third-party providers offer capable 
solutions, we note that they are point solutions and are not a complete fixed/mobile TEM 
and MDM suite.  As discussed in the “Recent Acquisitions & Strategic Alliances” section, 
business process outsourcing (BPO) firms and system integrators typically do not have a 
CLM solution of their own, and Tangoe believes there are opportunities to form additional 
strategic alliances similar to its partnerships with ACS, Dell, HCL, and IBM.   

The CLM industry has undergone a considerable amount of consolidation over the 
past few years.  Tangoe acquired five companies over the last four years alone, of which 
two (HCL, Telwares) were completed earlier this year (see “Recent Acquisitions & 
Strategic Alliances” for more information).  Other examples of M&A activity include 
Emptoris‟s acquisition of Rivermine in January 2011 and Vodafone‟s acquisition of TnT 
Expense Management and Quickcomm in October 2010.  Despite competitor acquisitions, 
Tangoe manages more fixed/mobile communications spend per year than any other IT 
and process outsourcing company. 

Key Competitors 
TEM                      Outsource Service        MDM 
                         Providers 
Emptoris                 ProfitLine               AirWatch 
MDSL                     Vodafone                 BoxTone 
Symphony SMS                                      Good Technology 
Vodafone                                          MobileIron 
XIGO                                              Sybase 
                                                  Zenprise  
                                                   
Source: Company Reports 

We believe that Tangoe competes successfully in each of the aforementioned 
categories.  And unlike many of its competitors, Tangoe offers a complete suite of 
integrated fixed and mobile TEM/MDM solutions and can also boast of a diverse customer 
base.  Over time, we expect that competitors will ramp the quality and breadth of their 
CLM offerings, and we anticipate further consolidation as firms jockey to gain market 
share. 

 

 

                                                                                      17

                                                                                     240
---------------------Page 18---------------------

Tangoe

                                              Investment Risks 

                                              Although there are a variety of investment risks associated with investing in Tangoe, we 
                                              highlight our biggest concerns below: 

                                              History of losses.  Tangoe has a history of GAAP losses since its founding in 2000.  
                                              However, revenue has been growing steadily during this time, signaling the company‟s  
                                              reinvestment strategy is paying off.  While Tangoe is still not profitable on a GAAP basis, 
                                              we note that it has been adjusted EBITDA positive since 3Q08.  Additionally, Tangoe has 
                                              delivered positive net income on a non-GAAP basis since 2Q09, most recently at $1.7M in 
                                              2Q11.   

                                              CLM demand may not materialize.  The market for third-party CLM solutions is nascent, 
                                              and Tangoe expects it to continue growing over the next several years.  Due to macro 
                                              uncertainties, improvements in home-grown solutions, or simply a lack of awareness, the 
                                              demand for third-party CLM offerings (both domestically and internationally) may not 
                                              blossom as expected.  That said, Tangoe‟s business model has proven to be surprisingly 
                                              stable during previous periods of economic uncertainty, as recurring revenue grew over 
                                              20% (and against plan) during the „08/‟09 downturn.   

                                              Strategic alliances break down.  A pillar of Tangoe‟s growth strategy is its formation of 
                                              strategic alliances with channel partners/resellers including ACS, Dell, HCL, and IBM.  
                                              Several relationships were formed recently (for example, with Dell in March 2011) and 
                                              may not develop as expected.  Additionally, channel partners may choose to collaborate 
                                              more with Tangoe‟s competitors should they offer better contract terms or improve their 
                                              CLM solutions.  As a result, Tangoe‟s top line and bottom line could be significantly 
                                              impacted should it lose channel partners, partners do not deliver products/services 
                                              according to Tangoe‟s standards, alliances do not grow as expected, or indirect channel 
                                              margins deteriorate. 

                                              M&A activity or consolidation could negatively impact the company.  Tangoe 
                                              operates in a fragmented and competitive industry.  Over the past several years, 
                                              consolidation has been a key theme in the CLM space which we do not expect to change 
                                              over the near term.  While Tangoe has been a successful acquirer (closing five 
                                              acquisitions in the past four years), M&A represents a threat both internally (should 
                                              Tangoe fail to successfully integrate a target post-acquisition) and externally (should 
                                              competitors improve offerings/reduce pricing, resulting in customer losses or renegotiated 
                                              contracts).  Regarding the internal threat, we note that Tangoe has demonstrated skill in 
                                              successfully integrating targets upon acquisition. 

                                              Intensifying competition.  While Tangoe is a leading provider of CLM software and 
                                              services, the space is evolving.  Should other vendors with greater resources or brand 
                                              recognition decide to enter the market, Tangoe‟s standing in the marketplace could be 
                                              materially impaired.   

                                               

                                              Stock prices of other companies mentioned in this report (as of 9/1/2011): 

                                              Vodafone Group PLC (VOD-NASDAQ, $26.44, Not Rated) 

                                               

18

                                                                                                                                      241
---------------------Page 19---------------------

                                                                                                                                            Tangoe

Management & Board Profile 

Key Officer                       Age          2010           Shares     Major Experience 
                                                                    *
                                          Compensation       Owned  

Albert R. Subbloie, Jr.            51       $1,717,193      2,122,821   Mr. Subbloie co-founded Tangoe and has served as President/CEO 
President, CEO, and Chairman                                            since October 2000.  He has been a member of the board since 
of the Board                                                              February 2000 and has served as chairman since March 2010.  
                                                                         Previously, Mr. Subbloie co-founded Information Management 
                                                                         Associates, Inc., Buyersedge.com, Inc., and FreeFire, Inc. 
                                                                          
Gary R. Martino                    51        $756,245        657,172     Mr. Martino has served as CFO since July 2007 and was a member of 
CFO                                                                      the board from February 2000 to March 2007.  Previously, Mr. Martino 
                                                                         was a managing director at Riverside Advisors, LLC (M&A firm), CFO 
                                                                         of Information Management Associates, Inc., and co-founded 
                                                                         Buyersedge.com, Inc. 
                                                                          
Albert M. Rossini                  54        $633,687        263,330     Mr. Rossini has served as EVP, Global Sales since December 2006.  
EVP, Global Sales                                                        Previously, Mr. Rossini served as SVP, Sales & Services for HSS, Inc. 
                                                                         and SVP, Sales and Marketing for Elcom International. 
                                                                          
Charles D. Gamble                  50        $438,258        265,238     Mr. Gamble co-founded Tangoe and has served as SVP since 
SVP, Customer Account                                                  February 2000.  Previously, Mr. Gamble served as president/CEO of a 
Management                                                               consumer electronics internet retailer. 
                                                                          
Scott E. Snyder                    47        $468,827        208,565     Mr. Snyder has served as SVP, Mobile Solutions since October 2008.  
SVP, Mobile Solutions                                                    Previously, Mr. Snyder served as COO of TRAQ Wireless, Inc. 
                                                                         (acquired by Tangoe in March 2007). 
                                                                          

Board of Directors                Age                         Shares     Major Experience 
                                                                    *
                                                             Owned  

Albert R. Subbloie, Jr.           See                          See       See Above 
President, CEO, and Chairman    Above                         Above 
of the Board 
                                                                          
David M. Coit                      64                       2,072,806   Mr. Coit has served on Tangoe‟s board since August 2006.  He 
                                                                          founded North Atlantic Capital Corporation (VC firm) and has served as 
                                                                         its president since May 1986. 
                                                                          
Gary P. Golding                    54                       4,487,767   Mr. Golding has served on Tangoe‟s board since September 2002.  He 
Compensation Committee                                                 has served as a general partner and investment manager of Edison 
Chair                                                                    Venture Fund (VC firm) since 1997.  Mr. Golding also sits on the board 
                                                                         of Vocus, Inc. 
                                                                          
Ronald W. Kaiser                   57                         70,745     Mr. Kaiser has served on Tangoe‟s board since January 2009.  He also 
Audit Committee Chair                                                    serves on the boards of Vocus, Inc. and OPNET Technologies, Inc. 
                                                                          
Jackie R. Kimzey                   58                       1,912,223   Mr. Kimzey has served on Tangoe‟s board since March 2008.  He also 
Nominating & Corporate                                                  served as general partner of Sevin Rosen Funds (VC firm) and co-
Governance Committee Chair                                             founded and served as CEO of ProNet Inc. 
                                                                          
Gerald G. Kokos                    61                        105,762    Mr. Kokos has served on Tangoe‟s board since September 2002.  He 
                                                                          has also served as president, CEO, and a director of VFA, Inc. since 
                                                                         January 2000. 
                                                                          
Richard S. Pontin                  57                        280,864    Mr. Pontin has served on Tangoe‟s board since March 2007.  
                                                                          Previously, Mr. Pontin served as CEO of several companies including 
                                                                         TRAQ Wireless, Inc. (acquired by Tangoe in March 2007), Broadwing 
                                                                         Corporation (now Level 3 Communications, LLC), Cincinnati Bell Inc., 
                                                                         and Airband Communications, Inc. 
                                                                          
Noah J. Walley                     48                         18,455     Mr. Walley has served on Tangoe‟s board since July 2008.  He has 
                                                                          served as Head of North American Technology Investing of Investor 
                                                                         Growth Capital, Inc. (VC firm) since April 2003.  Previously, he served 
                                                                         as a general partner with Morgan Stanley Venture Partners. 
                                                                          
* Shares beneficially owned after the offering after full exercise of the underwriters‟ option 
 
Source: Company Reports                                                   

     

                                                                                                                                                19

                                                                                                                                               242
---------------------Page 20---------------------

Tangoe

           TNGO Income Statement
           (in millions), except EPS                                   Mar 10     Jun 10    Sept 10   Dec 10     FY 2010     Mar 11     Jun 11     Sept 11E  Dec 11E   FY 2011E      Mar 12E   Jun 12E    Sept 12E  Dec 12E   FY 2012E
           Revenues
               Recurring revenue                                            13.3      13.9       14.6      16.0     57.7           19.9      23.5      24.0       24.5      91.9          25.4      26.4      27.4       28.4     107.5
               Consulting & other                                            2.7       2.8        2.6       2.7     10.8            2.4       2.5       2.6        2.6      10.1           2.6       2.6       2.6        2.6      10.4
           Total Revenue                                                    16.0      16.7       17.1      18.7     68.5           22.3      26.0      26.5       27.1     102.0          28.0      28.9      30.0       31.0     117.9
           Cost of revenue (Non-GAAP)                                        7.1       7.3        7.5       8.0     29.9           10.2      12.5      12.5       12.7      47.9          12.2      12.6      13.1       13.5      51.4
           Total gross profit (Non-GAAP)                                     8.9       9.4        9.6      10.6     38.6           12.2      13.5      14.1       14.3      54.1          15.8      16.3      16.9       17.5      66.5
           Adjusted Operating expenses
               S&M (Non-GAAP)                                                2.7       2.9        2.9       3.3     11.9            3.5       3.8       4.1        4.1      15.5           4.4       4.6       4.7        4.9      18.6
               G&A (Non-GAAP)                                                2.5       2.6        2.6       3.0     10.7            3.3       3.9       3.6        3.6      14.4           3.8       3.9       4.1        4.2      16.1
               R&D (Non-GAAP)                                                2.2       2.3        2.3       2.4      9.2            2.8       2.8       3.3        3.4      12.3           3.4       3.5       3.6        3.7      14.1
               D&A                                                           0.9       0.9        0.9       0.9      3.5            1.0       1.1       1.1        1.1       4.3           1.1       1.1       1.2        1.2        4.6
               Amortization of intangibles                                  (0.6)      (0.6)     (0.6)     (0.6)    (2.4)          (0.7)     (0.8)      (0.9)     (0.8)      (3.2)        (0.8)     (0.8)      (0.7)     (0.8)      (3.0)
           Total operating expenses (Non-GAAP)                               7.7       8.1        8.1       9.0     32.8            9.9      10.8      11.2       11.5      43.4          11.9      12.3      12.9       13.3      50.4
           Income (Loss) from operations (Non-GAAP)                          1.2       1.4        1.5       1.7      5.8            2.3       2.7       2.8        2.8      10.7           3.8       4.0       4.0        4.2      16.0
           Other income (expense), net
               Interest income (expense) and other, net (Non-GAAP)          (0.5)      (0.5)     (0.5)     (0.4)    (2.0)          (0.7)     (0.8)      (0.4)     (0.1)      (1.9)         0.0       0.0       0.0       (0.1)      (0.1)
           Income (Loss) before taxes (Non-GAAP)                             0.7       0.8        1.0       1.3      3.8            1.6       2.0       2.5        2.7       8.8           3.8       4.0       4.0        4.1      16.0
           Income tax (benefit) Provision (Non-GAAP)                         0.1       0.0        0.1       0.1      0.3            0.1       0.2       0.2        0.2       0.7           0.3       0.3       0.3        0.2     1.031
           Net Income (Loss) (Non-GAAP)                                      0.6       0.8        0.9       1.2      3.5            1.5       1.8       2.3        2.5       8.0           3.6       3.7       3.8        3.9      14.9
           EPS (Non-GAAP)                                                   0.02      0.03                                         0.06      0.06      0.06       0.06      0.25          0.09      0.09      0.09       0.10      0.38
           Diluted Shares Outstanding (Non-GAAP)                            28.4      28.6                           4.4           23.7      29.9      35.1       38.5      31.8          39.0      39.5      40.0       40.5      39.8

           Adjusted EBITDA                                                   1.4       1.6        1.8       2.0      6.9            2.6       3.1       3.0        3.2      11.8           4.2       4.3       4.5        4.6      17.6

           Margin Analysis
               Recurring revenue as % of revenue                           83.1%     83.2%      85.0%     85.6%    84.3%         89.2%      90.3%     90.3%      90.4%     90.1%        90.7%      91.0%     91.3%      91.6%     91.2%
               Consulting & other as % of revenue                          16.9%     16.8%      15.0%     14.4%    15.7%         10.8%       9.7%      9.7%       9.6%      9.9%          9.3%      9.0%      8.7%       8.4%      8.8%
           Cost of revenue as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)                      44.2%     43.6%      43.9%     43.0%    43.7%          45.6%     48.0%     47.0%      47.0%     46.9%         43.6%     43.6%     43.6%      43.7%     43.6%
           Gross Margin (Non-GAAP)                                         55.8%     56.4%      56.1%     57.0%    56.3%          54.4%     52.0%     53.0%      53.0%     53.1%         56.4%     56.4%     56.4%      56.4%     56.4%
               S&M as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)                              17.1%     17.6%      17.1%     17.4%    17.3%         15.8%      14.4%     15.4%      15.3%     15.2%        15.8%      15.8%     15.8%      15.8%     15.8%
               G&A as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)                              15.6%     15.4%      15.0%     16.3%    15.6%         14.6%      15.1%     12.7%      12.5%     14.2%        12.6%      12.6%     12.6%      12.6%     13.6%
               R&D as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)                              14.0%     13.6%      13.4%     12.7%    13.4%         12.6%      10.6%     12.6%      12.6%     12.1%        12.0%      12.0%     12.0%      12.0%     12.0%
               Total Stock-based compensation as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)   -1.3%      -2.7%     -3.0%     -4.1%    -2.8%          -3.7%     -3.6%      -3.4%     -3.3%     -1.7%         -4.5%     -4.5%      -5.0%     -5.5%      0.0%
               Amortization of intangibles as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)      -3.8%      -3.6%     -3.4%     -3.4%    -3.6%          -3.2%     -2.9%      -3.7%     -2.9%     -3.1%         -2.7%     -2.6%      -2.5%     -2.5%      -2.6%
           Operating Margin (Non-GAAP)                                      7.5%      8.1%       9.0%      9.0%     8.4%          10.1%     10.5%     10.7%      10.5%     10.5%         13.7%     13.8%     13.5%      13.4%     13.6%
               Interest income (expense) and other, net as % of revenue    -7.4%      -2.9%     -2.8%     -3.9%    -4.2%          -5.3%     -8.6%     -13.7%     -0.4%     -7.1%          0.0%      0.0%      0.0%      -0.2%      -0.1%
           EBT Margin (Non-GAAP)                                            4.1%      5.0%       5.9%      6.9%     5.5%           7.1%      7.5%      9.4%      10.1%      8.6%         13.7%     13.8%     13.5%      13.2%     13.5%
               Tax rate (non GAAP)                                          9.7%      5.9%       6.8%      8.8%     7.8%           7.9%      9.2%      8.1%       8.7%      8.5%          6.4%      6.4%      6.4%       6.4%      6.5%
           Net income Margin (Non-GAAP)                                     3.7%      4.7%       5.5%      6.3%     5.1%           6.6%      6.8%      8.6%       9.2%      7.9%         12.8%     12.8%     12.6%      12.5%     12.7%
           EBITDA Margin (Non-GAAP)                                        12.9%     13.4%      14.0%     14.0%    13.6%          14.6%     14.8%     14.8%      14.5%     14.7%         17.6%     17.6%     17.5%      17.5%     17.5%
           Adjusted EBITDA Margin                                           9.1%      9.8%      10.6%     10.6%    10.0%          11.4%     11.9%     11.4%      11.7%     11.6%         14.9%     15.0%     15.0%      15.0%     15.0%

           Y/Y Growth Analysis
               Recurring revenue                                           20.5%     25.4%      26.1%     29.2%    25.4%         50.3%      69.2%     64.4%      53.0%     59.2%        27.4%      12.1%     14.2%      16.1%     17.0%
               Consulting & other                                          29.1%     12.1%      -1.3%     -0.6%     8.7%         -10.4%     -9.8%      -0.2%     -3.8%     -6.2%          7.4%      2.3%      1.4%       0.3%      2.7%
           Total Revenue                                                   21.9%     22.9%      21.1%     23.9%    22.5%         40.0%      55.9%     54.7%      44.8%     48.9%        25.2%      11.1%     12.9%      14.6%     15.6%
           Cost of revenue as % of revenue (Non-GAAP)                      21.4%     21.2%      20.2%     19.9%    20.6%         44.4%      71.6%     65.7%      58.2%     60.1%        19.8%       1.0%      4.8%       6.4%      7.4%
           Gross Profit (Non-GAAP)                                         22.3%     24.3%      21.7%     27.1%    23.9%         36.6%      43.8%     46.2%      34.8%     40.2%        29.8%      20.5%     20.2%      21.8%     22.9%
               S&M (Non-GAAP)                                              12.6%     22.1%      24.3%     36.5%    23.8%         29.5%      27.6%     39.1%      27.3%     30.8%        25.4%      21.5%     15.9%      18.3%     20.1%
               G&A (Non-GAAP)                                              11.5%     17.8%      14.4%     19.2%    15.8%         31.0%      53.3%     40.8%      19.1%     35.3%        17.2%       0.3%     12.6%      15.8%     11.1%
               R&D (Non-GAAP)                                              16.8%     16.0%      13.4%     13.7%    14.9%         25.9%      21.0%     45.7%      44.2%     34.3%        19.0%      26.2%      7.6%       9.1%     14.8%
           Operating Profit (Non-GAAP)                                    171.9%     89.0%      63.9%     62.2%    84.2%         89.1%     101.5%     84.3%      68.5%     84.7%        70.2%      45.5%     42.5%      46.5%     50.2%
           Total operating expenses (Non-GAAP)                             12.7%     17.5%      16.0%     22.1%    17.1%         28.5%      34.1%     38.9%      28.4%     32.4%        20.6%      14.2%     14.6%      15.7%     16.2%
           EBT (Non-GAAP)                                                -808.6%    398.8%    139.6%     179.0%  295.4%         142.3%     137.2%    144.3%    112.5%     131.6%       140.0%     102.9%     62.8%      49.5%     81.7%
           EPS (Non-GAAP)                                                                                        -100.0%        196.4%     119.5%                                       47.5%      57.1%     45.5%      46.8%     49.1%
           Adjusted EBITDA                                                103.8%     59.1%      43.3%     45.6%    57.6%         76.1%      89.9%     65.9%      59.9%     72.0%        63.7%      40.0%     49.2%      47.0%     49.3%
           Source: Company Reports and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. estimates

20

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 243
---------------------Page 21---------------------

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         Tangoe

TNGO Balance Sheet
(in millions)                                                                FY 2009         FY 2010        Mar 11      Jun 11      Sept 11E   Dec 11E     FY 2011E       Mar 12E     Jun 12E     Sept 12E    Dec 12E     FY 2012E
Assets
   Cash and cash equivalents                                                        6.2            5.9             6.9         9.0       53.1        57.2        57.2           53.6        61.1       66.9        72.1        72.1
   Accounts receivable, net                                                        11.5           14.3           20.2        21.0        20.6        20.1        20.1           25.2        23.5       23.3        23.1        23.1
   Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                1.6            1.4             1.5         1.4        1.7         1.8         1.8            2.4         2.5         2.6        2.7         2.7
Total Current Assets                                                               19.3           21.6           28.6        31.4        75.4        79.1        79.1           81.2        87.0       92.8        97.9        97.9

   Computers, Furniture and Equipment, net                                          1.8            1.8             2.5         2.6        2.7         2.9         2.9            3.0         3.2         3.3        3.5         3.5
   Intangible assets, net                                                          16.8           15.8           20.9        21.7        21.7        21.7        21.7           21.7        21.7       21.7        21.7        21.7
   Goodwill                                                                        17.6           17.6           22.9        22.9        22.9        22.9        22.9           22.9        22.9       22.9        22.9        22.9
   Security deposits and other non-current assets                                   0.6            1.9             2.7         3.7        4.0         4.1         4.1            5.0         5.2         5.4        5.6         5.6
Total Non-current Assets                                                           36.8           37.1           49.0        50.9        51.3        51.5        51.5           52.6        53.0       53.3        53.7        53.7
Total Assets                                                                       56.1           58.7           77.6        82.3       126.7      130.6       130.6           133.8      140.0       146.1       151.5       151.5

Liabilities
   Accounts payable                                                                 2.9            3.3             4.4         5.9        4.9         5.1         5.1            4.8         5.6         5.8        6.0         6.0
   Accrued expenses                                                                 2.3            3.4             4.5         5.4        6.4         6.7         6.7            5.6         6.2         7.1        7.3         7.3
   Deferred revenue                                                                 6.9            8.3             9.0         8.5        9.1         9.8         9.8           10.4        11.1       11.9        12.7        12.7
   Notes-payable, current portion                                                   9.4            6.3             9.4       10.6         5.1         5.1         5.1            5.1         5.1         5.1        5.1         5.1
   Settlement liability, current portion                                            0.2            0.0             0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0         0.0            0.0         0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
Total Current Liabilities                                                          21.6           21.3           27.4        30.3        25.5        26.6        26.6           25.9        27.9       29.8        31.1        31.1

   Deferred rent and other non-current liabilities                                  2.5            3.1             3.6         0.8        0.9         0.8         0.8            0.8         0.9         0.9        0.8         0.8
   Deferred revenue, less current portion                                           1.0            1.8             2.0         2.0        2.1         2.1         2.1            2.2         2.2         2.2        2.3         2.3
   Notes payable, less current portion                                             11.9           11.8           22.0        21.2         9.9         9.9         9.9            9.9         9.9         9.9        9.9         9.9
   Warrants for redeemable convertible preferred stock                              0.5            1.3             2.6         4.1        0.0         0.0         0.0            0.0         0.0         0.0        0.0         0.0
Total Non-current Liabilities                                                      15.9           18.0           30.3        28.0        12.9        12.8        12.8           12.9        13.0       13.0        13.0        13.0
Total Liabilities                                                                  37.5           39.3           57.7        58.4        38.3        39.4        39.4           38.7        40.9       42.9        44.1        44.1

Total stockholders' equity (deficit)                                               18.6           19.4           19.9        24.0        88.4        91.2        91.2           95.1        99.1      103.2       107.4       107.4
Total Liabilities and stockholders' equity (deficit)                               56.1           58.7           77.6        82.3       126.7      130.6       130.6           133.8      140.0       146.1       151.5       151.5
Source: Company Reports and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. estimates

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 21

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                244
---------------------Page 22---------------------

Tangoe

             TNGO Cash Flow Statement
             (in millions)                                                                                                  FY 2009         FY 2010         Mar 11      Jun 11       Sept 11E    Dec 11E     FY 2011E        Mar 12E      Jun 12E     Sept 12E    Dec 12E     FY 2012E
             Net income (loss)                                                                                                    (2.6)           (1.8)           (0.6)       (1.4)        (2.8)        0.8        (4.0)            1.6         1.7          1.5         1.4         6.1
                  Adjustments to reconcile net income (loss) to net cash provided by (used in) operating activities:
                      Amortization of debt discount                                                                                0.2             0.0             0.2         0.2          0.2         0.2         0.8             0.2         0.2          0.2         0.2         0.8
                      D&A                                                                                                          3.5             3.5             1.0         1.1          1.1         1.1         4.3             1.1         1.1          1.2         1.2         4.6
                      Increase (decrease) in deferred rent liability                                                              (0.4)           (0.5)           (0.1)       (0.0)         0.1        (0.1)       (0.1)            0.0         0.0          0.0        (0.1)       (0.0)
                      Amortization of marketing agreement intangible asset                                                         0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.1             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.1
                      Allowance for doubtful accounts                                                                              0.0             0.2             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
                      Deferred income taxes                                                                                        0.2             0.2             0.1         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.2             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.2
                      Stock-based compensation                                                                                     0.7             1.9             0.8         0.9          0.9         0.9         3.5             1.3         1.3          1.5         1.7         5.8
                      Stock-based compensation related to common stock and Series A convertible preferred stock repurchase         0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
                      Non-cash expense relative to issuance of warrants to service provider                                        0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
                      Increase (decrease) in fair value of warrants for redeemable convertible preferred stock                     0.2             0.9             0.5         1.5          0.0         0.0         2.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
                      Changes in operating assets and liabilities:
                           Accounts receivable, net                                                                               (0.1)           (3.0)           (1.6)       (0.8)         0.4         0.5        (1.6)           (5.0)        1.7          0.2         0.2        (2.9)
                           Prepaid expenses and other assets                                                                      (0.0)           (0.5)            0.1         0.1         (0.3)       (0.0)       (0.2)           (0.6)        (0.1)       (0.1)       (0.1)       (0.9)
                           Other assets                                                                                           (0.1)           (1.2)           (0.4)        0.1         (0.2)       (0.1)       (0.7)           (1.0)        (0.2)       (0.2)       (0.2)       (1.5)
                           Accrued expenses                                                                                       (0.2)            1.1            (0.4)        0.5          1.0         0.3         1.4            (1.1)        0.6          0.9         0.2         0.6
                           Accounts payable                                                                                        0.1             0.2             0.8         0.8         (1.0)        0.1         0.8            (0.3)        0.8          0.2         0.2         0.9
                           Deferred revenue                                                                                        0.9             2.3             0.7        (0.5)         0.6         0.8         1.6             0.6         0.8          0.8         0.9         3.1
             Changes in working capital                                                                                            0.5            (1.2)           (0.9)        0.1          0.5         1.5         1.3            (7.3)        3.6          1.9         1.3        (0.7)
             Net cash (used in) provided by operating activities                                                                   2.4             3.4             1.1         2.4          0.1         4.5         8.2            (3.1)        7.9          6.4         5.8        17.0

             Purchases of computers, furniture and equipment                                                                      (0.7)           (0.4)           (0.1)       (0.3)        (0.3)       (0.5)       (1.1)           (0.5)        (0.5)       (0.6)       (0.6)       (2.2)
             Cash paid in connection with acquisitions, net of cash acquired                                                      (0.1)            0.0            (8.2)       (0.0)         0.0         0.0        (8.2)            0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Cash held in escrow                                                                                                   0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Net cash (used in) provided by investing activities                                                                  (0.7)           (0.4)           (8.3)       (0.3)        (0.3)       (0.5)       (9.3)           (0.5)        (0.5)       (0.6)       (0.6)       (2.2)

             Repayments of debt                                                                                                   (0.6)           (8.6)          (11.9)       (0.1)      (25.5)         0.0       (37.6)            0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Borrowings of debt                                                                                                    0.0             5.5            20.0         0.0          0.0         0.0        20.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Deferred financing costs                                                                                             (0.1)           (0.1)           (0.2)        0.0          0.0         0.0        (0.2)            0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Payments of settlement liability                                                                                     (0.2)           (0.2)            0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Payment of debt in connection with acquisition                                                                       (0.9)           (1.0)            0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Proceeds from exercise of options                                                                                     0.1             0.3             0.2         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.3             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.2
             Proceeds from repayment of notes receivable                                                                           0.0             0.7             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Proceeds from initial public offering of common stock                                                                 0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0        69.8          0.0        69.8             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Payments made to repurchase securities as a result of litigation settlement                                          (0.4)            0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Proceeds from issuance of Series F redeemable convertible preferred stock, net of costs incurred                      0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Cash paid to repurchase outstanding common stock and Series A convertible preferred stock                             0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Net cash (used in) provided by financing activities                                                                  (2.1)           (3.3)            8.1        (0.1)       44.3          0.0        52.3             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.2
             Effect of exchange rate changes on cash                                                                               0.0             0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0             0.0         0.0          0.0         0.0         0.0
             Net increase (decrease) in cash                                                                                      (0.4)           (0.3)            1.0         2.1        44.1          4.1        51.3            (3.5)        7.5          5.8         5.2        14.9
             Cash at beginning of period                                                                                           6.6             6.2             5.9         6.9          9.0       53.1          5.9            57.2        53.6        61.1         66.9        57.2
             Cash at end of period                                                                                                 6.2             5.9             6.9         9.0        53.1        57.2         57.2            53.6        61.1        66.9         72.1        72.1
             Source: Company Reports and Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. estimates

22

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                     245
---------------------Page 23---------------------

                                                                                                                     Tangoe

Investment Thesis
n  A leading provider of communications lifecycle management (CLM) solutions
n  Largest player in a multibillion-dollar market that continues to grow
n  Appears well positioned to sustain double-digit revenue and EPS growth
n  Multiple  growth  drivers  (greenfield  marketplace,  acquire  new  customers/penetrate  existing  accounts,  international
   expansion, form additional strategic alliances, engage in additional acquisitions)
n  Leverage in the model

Price Target Calculation
We arrive at our $14 price target for Tangoe by applying a 4.1x multiple to our FY12E recurring revenue of $107.5M. We note the SaaS
peer group has historically traded at 5-7x next-12-months' recurring revenue. Admittedly, Tangoe is not yet a pure SaaS-only shop (its
MDM product is delivered via a dedicated hosted or as an on-premise solution but is expected to migrate to SaaS architecture by end of
next year). We contend that since TNGO's CLM solution is based on a deep technological foundation, the "stickiness" of its installed
base,  the  recurring  nature  of  its  revenue  (strong  renewal  rates,  subscriptions  model),  its  robust  growth  rates  (40%  five-year  CAGR),
market leadership position in an open-ended opportunity, and the sizable leverage in its model, Tangoe should trade roughly in line with
its peers, which leads us to our $14 price target.

Key Risks to Price Target
There  are  several  risks  to  our  investment  thesis,  including  the  sluggish  pace  of  IT  spending,  which  may  cause  deals  to  be  delayed
and/or downsized; the company's failing to successfully integrate an acquisition; CLM demand not materializing as expected; loss of a
material  customer;  increased  competition  from  vendors  with  larger  resources  and  scale;  and  the  possibility  that  the  company  will  be
unable to execute on its growth initiatives. Any of these risks, as well as others unforeseen, could prevent the stock from attaining our
price target.

Important Disclosures and Certifications

Analyst  Certification  - The  author  certifies  that  this  research  report  accurately  states  his/her  personal  views  about  the
subject securities, which are reflected in the ratings as well as in the substance of this report.The author certifies that no
part  of  his/her  compensation  was,  is,  or  will  be  directly  or  indirectly  related  to  the  specific  recommendations  or  views
contained in this research report.
Potential Conflicts of Interest:
Equity  research  analysts  employed  by  Oppenheimer  &  Co.  Inc.  are  compensated  from  revenues  generated  by  the  firm
including the Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Investment Banking Department. Research analysts do not receive compensation
based  upon  revenues  from  specific  investment  banking  transactions.  Oppenheimer  &  Co.  Inc.  generally  prohibits  any
research analyst and any member of his or her household from executing trades in the securities of a company that such
research analyst covers. Additionally, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. generally prohibits any research analyst from serving as an
officer, director or advisory board member of a company that such analyst covers. In addition to 1% ownership positions in
covered companies that are required to be specifically disclosed in this report, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. may have a long
position of less than 1% or a short position or deal as principal in the securities discussed herein, related securities or in
options, futures or other derivative instruments based thereon. Recipients of this report are advised that any or all of the
foregoing arrangements, as well as more specific disclosures set forth below, may at times give rise to potential conflicts of
interest.

Important Disclosure Footnotes for Companies Mentioned in this Report that Are Covered by
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc:

Stock Prices as of September 5, 2011
Ariba (ARBA - Nasdaq, 26.12, PERFORM)
Concur Technologies (CNQR - OTC, 39.03, OUTPERFORM)
Constant Contact Inc. (CTCT - Nasdaq, 17.41, OUTPERFORM)
Kenexa (KNXA - Nasdaq, 18.41, OUTPERFORM)
Salesforce.com (CRM - NYSE, 123.61, PERFORM)
SuccessFactors (SFSF - Nasdaq, 20.83, OUTPERFORM)

                                                                                                                         23
                                                                                                                        246
---------------------Page 24---------------------

Tangoe

  Taleo (TLEO - Nasdaq, 23.91, OUTPERFORM)

  Ultimate Software Group (ULTI - Nasdaq, 47.00, PERFORM)

  SAP AG (SAP - NYSE, 51.99, PERFORM)

                                  Rating and Price Target History for: Tangoe (TNGO) as of 09-02-2011

                                                                                                                          12

                                                                                                                          11

                                                                                                                          10

                                                                                                                          9

                                                                                                                          8

                                                                                                                          7
                      2009                                2010                               2011

                                                                                                       Created by BlueMatrix

  All price targets displayed in the chart above are for a 12- to- 18-month period. Prior to March 30, 2004, Oppenheimer &
  Co. Inc. used 6-, 12-, 12- to 18-, and 12- to 24-month price targets and ranges. For more information about target price
  histories, please write to Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., 300 Madison Avenue, New York, NY 10017, Attention: Equity Research
  Department, Business Manager.

  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Rating System as of January 14th, 2008:

  Outperform(O) - Stock expected to outperform the S&P 500 within the next 12-18 months.

  Perform (P) - Stock expected to perform in line with the S&P 500 within the next 12-18 months.

  Underperform (U) - Stock expected to underperform the S&P 500 within the next 12-18 months.

  Not Rated (NR) - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. does not maintain coverage of the stock or is restricted from doing so due to a potential
  conflict of interest.

  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Rating System prior to January 14th, 2008:

  Buy  -anticipates  appreciation  of  10%  or  more  within  the  next  12  months,  and/or  a  total  return  of  10%  including  dividend  payments,
  and/or the ability of the shares to perform better than the leading stock market averages or stocks within its particular industry sector.

  Neutral - anticipates that the shares will trade at or near their current price and generally in line with the leading market averages due to
  a perceived absence of strong dynamics that would cause volatility either to the upside or downside, and/or will perform less well than
  higher  rated  companies  within  its  peer  group.  Our  readers  should  be  aware  that  when  a  rating  change  occurs  to  Neutral  from  Buy,
  aggressive trading accounts might decide to liquidate their positions to employ the funds elsewhere.

24

                                                                                                                                247
---------------------Page 25---------------------

                                                                                                                                  Tangoe

Sell  - anticipates  that  the  shares  will  depreciate  10%  or  more  in  price  within  the  next  12  months,  due  to  fundamental  weakness
perceived in the company or for valuation reasons, or are expected to perform significantly worse than equities within the peer group.

                                             Distribution of Ratings/IB Services Firmwide

                                                  IB Serv/Past 12 Mos.

    Rating                       Count   Percent  Count    Percent
    OUTPERFORM [O]                 326                   55.60                    147                   45.09
    PERFORM [P]                    249                   42.50                      78                   31.33
    UNDERPERFORM [U]               11                        1.90                         4                   36.36

Although the investment recommendations within the three-tiered, relative stock rating system utilized by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. do not
correlate to buy, hold and sell recommendations, for the purposes of complying with FINRA rules, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has assigned
buy ratings to securities rated Outperform, hold ratings to securities rated Perform, and sell ratings to securities rated Underperform.

Company Specific Disclosures

In the past 12 months Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has provided investment banking services for TNGO and KNXA.

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3
months from TNGO, CNQR, CTCT, KNXA, SFSF, and TLEO.

In the past 12 months Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has managed or co-managed a public offering of securities for TNGO and
KNXA.

In the past 12 months Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has received compensation for investment banking services from TNGO
and KNXA.

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. makes a market in the securities of TNGO, ARBA, CNQR, CTCT, KNXA, SFSF, TLEO, and ULTI.

Additional Information Available

Please  log  on  to http://www.opco.com or  write  to  Oppenheimer  &  Co.  Inc.,  300  Madison  Avenue,  New  York,  NY  10017,
Attention: Equity Research Department, Business Manager.

Other Disclosures

This report is issued and approved for distribution by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc transacts Business on all Principal
Exchanges  and  Member  SIPC.  This  report  is  provided,  for  informational  purposes  only,  to  institutional  and  retail  investor  clients  of
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities discussed herein in any jurisdiction
where such offer or solicitation would be prohibited. The securities mentioned in this report may not be suitable for all types of investors.
This  report  does  not  take  into  account  the  investment  objectives,  financial  situation  or  specific  needs  of  any  particular  client  of

                                                                                                                                      25

                                                                                                                                      248
---------------------Page 26---------------------

Tangoe

  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Recipients should consider this report as only a single factor in making an investment decision and should not
  rely solely on investment recommendations contained herein, if any, as a substitution for the exercise of independent judgment of the
  merits and risks of investments. The analyst writing the report is not a person or company with actual, implied or apparent authority to
  act on behalf of any issuer mentioned in the report. Before making an investment decision with respect to any security recommended in
  this report, the recipient should consider whether such recommendation is appropriate given the recipient's particular investment needs,
  objectives and financial circumstances. We recommend that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and
  encourage investors to seek the advice of a financial advisor.Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. will not treat non-client recipients as its clients
  solely by virtue of their receiving this report.Past performance is not a guarantee of future results, and no representation or warranty,
  express or implied, is made regarding future performance of any security mentioned in this report. The price of the securities mentioned
  in this report and the income they produce may fluctuate and/or be adversely affected by exchange rates, and investors may realize
  losses on investments in such securities, including the loss of investment principal. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. accepts no liability for any
  loss arising from the use of information contained in this report, except to the extent that liability may arise under specific statutes or
  regulations applicable to Oppenheimer & Co. Inc.All information, opinions and statistical data contained in this report were obtained or
  derived from public sources believed to be reliable, but Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. does not represent that any such information, opinion or
  statistical data is accurate or complete (with the exception of information contained in the Important Disclosures section of this report
  provided by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. or individual research analysts), and they should not be relied upon as such. All estimates, opinions
  and  recommendations  expressed  herein  constitute  judgments  as  of  the  date  of  this  report  and  are  subject  to  change  without
  notice.Nothing in this report constitutes legal, accounting or tax advice. Since the levels and bases of taxation can change, any reference
  in this report to the impact of taxation should not be construed as offering tax advice on the tax consequences of investments. As with
  any investment having potential tax implications, clients should consult with their own independent tax adviser.This report may provide
  addresses of, or contain hyperlinks to, Internet web sites. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has not reviewed the linked Internet web site of any
  third  party  and  takes  no  responsibility  for  the  contents  thereof.  Each  such  address  or  hyperlink  is  provided  solely  for  the  recipient's
  convenience  and  information,  and  the  content  of  linked  third  party  web  sites  is  not  in  any  way  incorporated  into  this  document.
  Recipients who choose to access such third-party web sites or follow such hyperlinks do so at their own risk.

  This  report  or  any  portion  hereof  may  not  be  reprinted,  sold,  or  redistributed  without  the  written  consent  of  Oppenheimer  &  Co.  Inc.
  Copyright © Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 2011.

26

                                                                                                                                         249
