---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                EQUITY RESEARCH

                                                                                        DROPPING COVERAGE

 April 29, 2012                                       TECHNOLOGY/ENTERPRISE SOFTWARE

 Stock Rating:
                                                     Tangoe
 OUTPERFORM
 12-18 mo. Price Target                       NA     Dropping Coverage
 TNGO - NASDAQ                            $21.18
                                                      SUMMARY
 3-5 Yr. EPS Gr. Rate                        NA     We   are   discontinuing   equity   research   coverage   of   TNGO,   previously   rated
 52-Wk Range                         $21.74-$8.01     Outperform, due to a realignment in analyst coverage. The prior price target and all
 Shares Outstanding                        36.4M     EPS estimates are discontinued.
 Float                                     20.0M      KEY POINTS
 Market Capitalization                   $771.6M     ■   We are dropping coverage of TNGO, previously rated Outperform, due to a re-
 Avg. Daily Trading Volume               588,675        alignment in analyst coverage. The prior price target and all EPS estimates are
 Dividend/Div Yield                   $0.00/0.00%        discontinued.
 Book Value                                $2.51
                                                     ■   Effective with this discontinuation, our last recommendation on TNGO should not
 Fiscal Year Ends                            Dec
                                                         be relied upon going forward. The data herein are up-to-date as of our last note
 2012 ROE                                    NA
                                                         on the company, published February 21, 2012.
 LT Debt                                  $16.2M
 Preferred                                   NA      ■   The decision is unrelated to any awareness on our part of any material change in
 Common Equity                             $97M        the fundamental condition of the firm. Were we to continue to cover the stock, we
 Convertible Available                        No        would not necessarily change our rating at this time.
                                                     ■   Rather,  our  decision  to  drop  coverage  relates  to  a  realignment  in  coverage.
 EPS
             Q1     Q2    Q3     Q4   Year  Mult.
 Diluted                                                 Effective with this discontinuation of coverage, the last recommendation issued
 2009A        --     --    --     --  0.16   NM          for this stock should not be relied upon going forward.
 2010A      0.02   0.03  0.03   0.04  0.12   NM
 2011A      0.05   0.06  0.07   0.08  0.26  81.5x
 Trading range as of 7/27/11 IPO.

                                                     Stock Price Performance                     Company Description
                                                                                                 Tangoe is a leading provider of communications
                                                                                                 life-cycle management (CLM) software
                                                                                                 and services, specifically designed to
                                                                                                 cover the entire life-cycle of an enterprise's
                                                                                                 communications assets, from initial
                                                                                                 procurement, through invoicing, to
                                                                                                 decommissioning and disposal.

                                                     Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. does and seeks to do business with companies covered
                                                     in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that the firm may
                                                     have a conflict of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors
                                                     should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment
                                                     decision. See "Important Disclosures and Certifications" section at the end of
Shaul Eyal                                            this report for important disclosures, including potential conflicts of interest. See
212-667-8411                                          "Price Target Calculation" and "Key Risks to Price Target" sections at the end of
Shaul.Eyal@opco.com                                  this report, where applicable.

                                                      Oppenheimer & Co Inc. 85 Broad Street, New York, NY 10004 Tel: 800-221-5588 Fax: 212-667-822965
---------------------Page 2---------------------

Tangoe

  Important Disclosures and Certifications

  Analyst Certification - The author certifies that this research report accurately states his/her personal views about the
  subject securities, which are reflected in the ratings as well as in the substance of this report. The author certifies that no part
  of his/her compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained
  in this research report.
  Potential Conflicts of Interest:
  Equity research analysts employed by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. are compensated from revenues generated by the firm
  including the Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Investment Banking Department. Research analysts do not receive compensation
  based upon revenues from specific investment banking transactions. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. generally prohibits any research
  analyst and any member of his or her household from executing trades in the securities of a company that such research
  analyst covers. Additionally, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. generally prohibits any research analyst from serving as an officer,
  director or advisory board member of a company that such analyst covers. In addition to 1% ownership positions in covered
  companies that are required to be specifically disclosed in this report, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. may have a long position
  of less than 1% or a short position or deal as principal in the securities discussed herein, related securities or in options,
  futures or other derivative instruments based thereon. Recipients of this report are advised that any or all of the foregoing
  arrangements, as well as more specific disclosures set forth below, may at times give rise to potential conflicts of interest.

  All price targets displayed in the chart above are for a 12- to- 18-month period. Prior to March 30, 2004, Oppenheimer & Co.
  Inc. used 6-, 12-, 12- to 18-, and 12- to 24-month price targets and ranges. For more information about target price histories,
  please write to Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., 85 Broad Street, New York, NY 10004, Attention: Equity Research Department,
  Business Manager.

  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Rating System as of January 14th, 2008:
  Outperform(O) - Stock expected to outperform the S&P 500 within the next 12-18 months.
  Perform (P) - Stock expected to perform in line with the S&P 500 within the next 12-18 months.
  Underperform (U) - Stock expected to underperform the S&P 500 within the next 12-18 months.
  Not Rated (NR) - Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. does not maintain coverage of the stock or is restricted from doing so due to a potential conflict
  of interest.
  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Rating System prior to January 14th, 2008:

2
                                                                                                                          66
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                                                                              Tangoe

Buy - anticipates appreciation of 10% or more within the next 12 months, and/or a total return of 10% including dividend payments, and/or
the ability of the shares to perform better than the leading stock market averages or stocks within its particular industry sector.

Neutral - anticipates that the shares will trade at or near their current price and generally in line with the leading market averages due to a
perceived absence of strong dynamics that would cause volatility either to the upside or downside, and/or will perform less well than higher
rated companies within its peer group. Our readers should be aware that when a rating change occurs to Neutral from Buy, aggressive
trading accounts might decide to liquidate their positions to employ the funds elsewhere.

Sell - anticipates that the shares will depreciate 10% or more in price within the next 12 months, due to fundamental weakness perceived
in the company or for valuation reasons, or are expected to perform significantly worse than equities within the peer group.

                                            Distribution of Ratings/IB Services Firmwide

                                                IB Serv/Past 12 Mos.
    Rating                      Count   Percent  Count  Percent
    OUTPERFORM [O]                322     55.23    142    44.10
    PERFORM [P]                   254     43.57     88    34.65
    UNDERPERFORM [U]               7      1.20       3    42.86

    

Although the investment recommendations within the three-tiered, relative stock rating system utilized by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. do not
correlate to buy, hold and sell recommendations, for the purposes of complying with FINRA rules, Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has assigned
buy ratings to securities rated Outperform, hold ratings to securities rated Perform, and sell ratings to securities rated Underperform.

Company Specific Disclosures

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. makes a market in the securities of TNGO.

Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services in the next 3
months from TNGO.

In the past 12 months Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has received compensation for investment banking services from TNGO.

In the past 12 months Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has managed or co-managed a public offering of securities for TNGO.

In the past 12 months Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has provided investment banking services for TNGO.

Additional Information Available

Please log on to http://www.opco.com or write to Oppenheimer & Co. Inc., 85 Broad Street, New York, NY 10004, Attention: Equity
Research Department, Business Manager.

Other Disclosures

This report is issued and approved for distribution by Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc transacts Business on all Principal
Exchanges and Member SIPC. This report is provided, for informational purposes only, to institutional and retail investor clients of
Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. and does not constitute an offer or solicitation to buy or sell any securities discussed herein in any jurisdiction
where such offer or solicitation would be prohibited. The securities mentioned in this report may not be suitable for all types of investors.
This report does not take into account the investment objectives, financial situation or specific needs of any particular client of Oppenheimer
& Co. Inc. Recipients should consider this report as only a single factor in making an investment decision and should not rely solely
on investment recommendations contained herein, if any, as a substitution for the exercise of independent judgment of the merits and
risks of investments. The analyst writing the report is not a person or company with actual, implied or apparent authority to act on behalf
of any issuer mentioned in the report. Before making an investment decision with respect to any security recommended in this report,
the recipient should consider whether such recommendation is appropriate given the recipient's particular investment needs, objectives
and financial circumstances. We recommend that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourage
investors to seek the advice of a financial advisor. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. will not treat non-client recipients as its clients solely by virtue

                                                                                                                                   3
                                                                                                                                  67
---------------------Page 4---------------------

Tangoe

  of their receiving this report. Past performance is not a guarantee of future results, and no representation or warranty, express or implied,
  is made regarding future performance of any security mentioned in this report. The price of the securities mentioned in this report and
  the income they produce may fluctuate and/or be adversely affected by exchange rates, and investors may realize losses on investments
  in such securities, including the loss of investment principal. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. accepts no liability for any loss arising from the
  use of information contained in this report, except to the extent that liability may arise under specific statutes or regulations applicable to
  Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. All information, opinions and statistical data contained in this report were obtained or derived from public sources
  believed to be reliable, but Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. does not represent that any such information, opinion or statistical data is accurate or
  complete (with the exception of information contained in the Important Disclosures section of this report provided by Oppenheimer & Co.
  Inc. or individual research analysts), and they should not be relied upon as such. All estimates, opinions and recommendations expressed
  herein constitute judgments as of the date of this report and are subject to change without notice. Nothing in this report constitutes legal,
  accounting or tax advice. Since the levels and bases of taxation can change, any reference in this report to the impact of taxation should
  not be construed as offering tax advice on the tax consequences of investments. As with any investment having potential tax implications,
  clients should consult with their own independent tax adviser. This report may provide addresses of, or contain hyperlinks to, Internet web
  sites. Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. has not reviewed the linked Internet web site of any third party and takes no responsibility for the contents
  thereof. Each such address or hyperlink is provided solely for the recipient's convenience and information, and the content of linked third
  party web sites is not in any way incorporated into this document. Recipients who choose to access such third-party web sites or follow
  such hyperlinks do so at their own risk.

  This report or any portion hereof may not be reprinted, sold, or redistributed without the written consent of Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. Copyright
  © Oppenheimer & Co. Inc. 2012.

4
                                                                                                                                         68
