---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                               Daily Letter |   1 
                                                                                                                   6 December 2010 

 
 

                                                                                                                                              

TeleNav                                                                              Jeff Rath, CFAJeff Rath, CFAJeff Rath, CFAJeff Rath, CFA                                           1.617.371.3891 
                                                                                     jrath@canaccordgenuity.com 
TNAV : NASDAQ : US$6.77                                                 BUY          David Delleo, CFADavid Delleo, CFADavid Delleo, CFADavid Delleo, CFA                                   1.617.788.1595 
                                                     Target: US$10.00                ddelleo@canaccordgenuity.com 
                                                                                      
                                                                                                                                                  

COMPANY STATISTICS: 
                                                           Technology -- Industrial  -- Location Technology 
52-week Range:                                                           4.65 - 11.48 
Avg. Daily Vol.:                                                                                 910 
                                                           RECENT INVESTOR MEETINGS 
Market Cap (M):                                                                     US$220 
Shares Out basic (M):                                                                     45 
                                                           HIGHLIGHT THE VALUATION 
LT Debt (M):                                     0.0 
Net Cash /shr:                                                                       US$2.92 DISCONNECT; MAINTAIN BUY AND 
Bk Value /shr:                                                                       US$3.61 
FYE:                                           June        $10 TARGET  
Website:                                                 http://www.telenav.com/ 
 
EARNINGS SUMMARY:                                          Investment recommendation 
FYE Jun FYE JunFYE JunFYE Jun    2009A2009A2009A2009A     2010A2010A2010A2010A     2011E2011E2011E2011E     
                                                           We hosted management meetings in Boston on Friday and come 
Revenue (M):            110.9      171.2     190.2  
EBITDA (M):               44.7       73.6      61.1        away incrementally positive that core operating fundamentals are 
Net income (M):           29.6       41.4      30.7        strong and that opportunities from mobile advertising and 
EPS:                      0.57       1.06      0.67  
                                                           commerce exist going forward. We are maintaining our BUY 
EPS: EPS:EPS:EPS:    Q1       -     0.21A    0.27A         recommendation and $10 target price.  
              Q2              -     0.27A      0.16  
              Q3              -     0.33A      0.12  
              Q4              -     0.24A      0.12        Investment highlights 
Total                     0.57       1.06      0.67        •   Management remains upbeat and its message continues to be 
 
SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE:                                        about growth and new opportunities. 

                                                           •   AT&T contract risk appears to be misunderstood and has 
                                                                much less risk than the Sprint contract, in our opinion. 

                                                           •   Usage patterns of TNAV’s navigation application do not 
                                                                support market fears of free offering cannibalization. 

                                                           •   The stock’s current 2.4x forward EV/EBITDA valuation 
 
COMPANY DESCRIPTION:                                            implies a declining business and/or deteriorating outlook, but 
TeleNav is a location-based services and Mobile Internet        we see strength and growth, together with new opportunities. 
company. Its core product is voice-guided navigation on 
mobile phones, but the company also develops solutions 
that support a broad range of location-enhanced            Valuation 
applications such as mobile advertising, commerce and 
social networking. TeleNav provides its solutions through  Our $10 target price implies a 5x EV multiple on our 2011 
a network of wireless carriers and under its own brand. 
                                                           EBITDA estimate of $61M and takes into account prepayment 
 
All amounts in US$ unless otherwise noted.                 amounts received in October. Maintain BUY.  

Canaccord GenuityCanaccord Canaccord Canaccord  Genuity is the global capital markets group of CanaGenuityGenuity  is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord Fccord Financial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM) inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)    
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this Investment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the Investment Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, 
independent and objective views about any and all tindependent aindependent aindependent a nd objective views about any and all the Designatednd objective views about any and all the Designatednd objective views about any and all the Designatedhe Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers disc Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed herein. Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed herein. Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed herein.ussed herein. For important  For important  For important  For important 
iniiinfnnfofforoormrrmammataatittioiionoon,nn, ,, p  plpplelleaeeasaasesse ee s  sesseeeee ee t  thtthehhe ee I  ImIImpmmpopporoortrrtattanaantnnt tt D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerresees ss s  sesseceectcctittioiionoon nn i  iniin nn t  thtthehhe ee a  apaapppppeppeneendnndiddixiix xx o  ofoof ff t  thtthihhisiis ss d  doddocoocuccumuumemmeneentnnt tt o  oroor rr v  vivvisiisissitiit tt C  CaCCanaanannacaacccccoccoroordrrd dd G  GeGGeneenunnuiuuitiitytty’yy’s’’s ss   OnOOOnlnnlilliniinenne ee D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerre ee   
DaDDDataatattabaababbasaasesseee. ...   
                                                                                                                                              140
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                       Daily Letter |  2 
                                                          6 December 2010 

                                                                                
KEY TAKEAWAYS FROM MANAGEMENT MEETINGS  
We hosted management meetings in Boston on Friday and come away 
incrementally positive that core operating fundamentals are strong and that 
opportunities from mobile advertising and commerce exist going forward. Here 
are our key takeaways from the meetings: 

1.   Management remains upbeat and its message continues to be about growth 
   and new opportunities. Recall that today, TNAV has 14 carrier relationships 
   that include roughly one billion paying subscribers. TNAV’s total number of 
   subscribers is around 18M, signaling an underpenetrated market and the 
   opportunity for material upside. Additionally, the ramp in the company’s auto 
   opportunity is promising. Ford is ramping now under both the SYNC and My 
   Touch brands and there appears to be good opportunity for future deals here. 
   Medium term, the mobile advertising revenue stream potential, while small, 
   has very material upside, in our opinion. 

2.   AT&T contract risk appears to be misunderstood, in our opinion. Unlike the 
   recently renegotiated Sprint contract, which is a free bundle offering for all 
   data plan subscribers, AT&T (which will renew in March 2011), is a monthly 
   recurring charge (MRC) aligned as a profit center for AT&T and, in our 
   opinion, has much less risk. Management remains very upbeat about 
   prospects here. 

3.   Despite market fears from the cannibalization from Android (free Google turn-
   by-turn navigation), this is not supported by usage patterns seen at TNAV 
   with respect to subscriber growth and the overall market opportunity. In fact, 
   when TNAV's offering is pre-loaded side-by-side with Google Navigation on 
   the EVO 4G phone, TNAV’s take rates are unaffected relative to offerings 
   where Google’s free application is not offered. 

4.   Valuation is not consistent with the above outlook and opportunities, in our 
   opinion. The stock currently trades at 2.4x forward EV/EBITDA, which 
   implies a declining business and/or deteriorating outlook. However, we see 
   strength and growth, together with new opportunities. 

VALUATON AND RECOMMENDATION 
Our $10 target price implies a 5x EV multiple on our 2011 EBITDA estimate of 
$61M and takes into account prepayment amounts received in October. We 
believe that core operating fundamentals are strong and continue to believe that 
opportunities from mobile advertising and commerce exist going forward. We 
maintain our BUY recommendation.   

 

 

                                                                                

                                                                               141
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                          Daily Letter |  3 
                                                             6 December 2010 

                                                                                    
Investment risks 
Investment risks include, but are not limited to, customer concentration, 
competition, scalability, intellectual property and regulation. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 

                                                                                    

                                                                                   142
---------------------Page 4---------------------

                                                                                                                        Daily Letter |   4 
                                                                                                                             6 December 2010 

                                                                                                                                                           
APPENDIX: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
Analyst Certification:         Each authoring analyst of Canaccord Genuity whose name appears on the front page of this investment 
                               research hereby certifies that (i) the recommendations and opinions expressed in this investment research 
                               accurately reflect the authoring analyst’s personal, independent and objective views about any and all of the 
                               designated investments or relevant issuers discussed herein that are within such authoring analyst’s coverage 
                               universe and (ii) no part of the authoring analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, 
                               related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the authoring analyst in the investment 
                               research. 
                                
Site Visit:                    An analyst has visited the issuer's material operations in Sunnyvale, California. No payment or 
                               reimbursement was received from the issuer for the related travel costs. 
                                                                              
Price Chart:*   

                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                            
                                                                              
Distribution of Ratings:                                     Coverage Universe Coverage UniverseCoverage UniverseCoverage Universe    IB Clients IB ClientsIB ClientsIB Clients    
Global Stock Ratings             Rating RatingRatingRating           # ###          % %%%         % %%%   
(as of 1 December 2010)          Buy                                                             428                  58.9%               35.3% 
                                 Speculative Buy                                    75                  10.3%               56.0% 
                                 Hold                                                           204                  28.1%               20.6% 
                                 Sell                                                                20                     2.8%                  5.0% 
                                                                                                       727               100.0%       
                                   
Canaccord Ratings              BUY: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjusteBUY:BUY:BUY:d returns of over 10% during the next 12 months. 
System:                        HOLD: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjustHOLD:HOLD:HOLD:ed returns of 0-10% during the next 12 months. 
                               SELL: The stock is expected to generate negative riSELL:SELL:SELL:sk-adjusted returns during the next 12 months. 
                               NOT RATED: Canaccord Genuity does not provide reseaNOT RATED:NOT RATED:NOT RATED:rch coverage of the relevant issuer. 
                                
                               “Risk-adjusted return” refers to the expected return in relation to the amount of risk associated with the 
                               designated investment or the relevant issuer.    
                                   
Risk Qualifier:                SPECULATIVE: Stocks bear significantly higher risk SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:that typically cannot be valued by normal fundamental 
                               criteria. Investments in the stock may result in material loss.    
                                

                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                          143
---------------------Page 5---------------------

                                                                                                               Daily Letter |   5 
                                                                                                                   6 December 2010 

                                                                                                                                               
Canaccord Research Disclosures as of 6 December 2010         
                             Company CompanyCompanyCompany                           Disclosure DisclosureDisclosureDisclosure    
                             TeleNav TeleNavTeleNavTeleNav                           1A, 2, 3, 5, 7 1A, 2, 3, 5, 71A, 2, 3, 5, 71A, 2, 3, 5, 7    
                                                                        
                        1   The relevant issuer currently is, or in the past 12 months was, a client of Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated 
                            companies. During this period, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies provided the following services 
                            to the relevant issuer: 
                             A.  investment banking services. 
                             B.  non-investment banking securities-related services. 
                             C.  non-securities related services. 
                        2    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies have received compensation for 
                             Corporate Finance/Investment Banking services from the relevant issuer. 
                        3    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies have been lead manager, co-lead 
                             manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities of the relevant issuer or any publicly disclosed offer 
                             of securities of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives. 
                        4    Canaccord Genuity acts as corporate broker for the relevant issuer and/or Canaccord Genuity or any of its 
                             affiliated companies may have an agreement with the relevant issuer relating to the provision of Corporate 
                             Finance/Investment Banking services.  
                        5    Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies is a market maker or liquidity provider in the securities 
                             of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives.  
                        6    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity, its partners, affiliated companies, officers or directors, or any 
                             authoring analyst involved in the preparation of this investment research has provided services to the 
                             relevant issuer for remuneration, other than normal course investment advisory or trade execution services. 
                        7    Canaccord Genuity intends to seek or expects to receive compensation for Corporate Finance/Investment 
                             Banking services from the relevant issuer in the next six months. 
                        8    The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a long position in the shares or derivatives, or has any other 
                             financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying equity 
                             increases. 
                        9    The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a short position in the shares or derivatives, or has any 
                             other financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying 
                             equity decreases. 
                       10    Those persons identified as the author(s) of this investment research, or any individual involved in the 
                             preparation of this investment research, have purchased/received shares in the relevant issuer prior to a 
                             public offering of those shares, and such person’s name and details are disclosed above.  
                       11    A partner, director, officer, employee or agent of Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies, or a 
                             member of his/her household, is an officer, or director, or serves as an advisor or board member of the 
                             relevant issuer and/or one of its subsidiaries, and such person’s name is disclosed above. 
                       12    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliate 
                             companies, in the aggregate, beneficially owned 1% or more of any class of the total issued share capital or 
                             other common equity securities of the relevant issuer or held any other financial interests in the relevant 
                             issuer which are significant in relation to the investment research (as disclosed above). 
                       13    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, the relevant issuer owned 1% or more of 
                             any class of the total issued share capital in Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies.  
                       14    Other specific disclosures as described above. 
                              
                             Canaccord Genuity is the business name used by certain subsidiaries of Canaccord Financial Inc., including 
                             Canaccord Genuity Inc., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Corp.  
                             The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research are employed by 
                             Canaccord Genuity Corp. a Canadian broker-dealer with principal offices located in Vancouver, Calgary, 
                             Toronto, Montreal, or Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US broker-dealer with principal offices located in Boston, 
                             New York, San Francisco and Houston or Canaccord Genuity Limited., a UK broker-dealer with principal 
                             offices located in London and Edinburgh (UK). 
                             In the event that this is compendium investment research (covering six or more relevant issuers), Canaccord 
                             Genuity and its affiliated companies may choose to provide specific disclosures of the subject companies by 
                             reference, as well as its policies and procedures regarding the dissemination of investment research. To 
                             access this material or for more information, please send a request to Canaccord Genuity Research, Attn: 

                                                                                                                                               

                                                                                                                                               144
---------------------Page 6---------------------

                                                                                                               Daily Letter |   6 
                                                                                                                   6 December 2010 

                                                                                                                                               
                            Disclosures, P.O. Box 10337 Pacific Centre, 2200-609 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7Y 1H2 or 
                            disclosures@canaccordgenuity.com. 
                            The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research have received (or 
                            will receive) compensation based upon (among other factors) the Corporate Finance/Investment Banking 
                            revenues and general profits of Canaccord Genuity. However, such authoring analysts have not received, and 
                            will not receive, compensation that is directly based upon or linked to one or more specific Corporate 
                            Finance/Investment Banking activities, or to recommendations contained in the investment research. 
                            Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies may have a Corporate Finance/Investment Banking or other 
                            relationship with the company that is the subject of this investment research and may trade in any of the 
                            designated investments mentioned herein either for their own account or the accounts of their customers, in 
                            good faith or in the normal course of market making. Accordingly, Canaccord Genuity or their affiliated 
                            companies, principals or employees (other than the authoring analyst(s) who prepared this investment 
                            research) may at any time have a long or short position in any such designated investments, related 
                            designated investments or in options, futures or other derivative instruments based thereon.  
                            Some regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing 
                            conflicts of interest arising as a result of publication or distribution of investment research. This investment 
                            research has been prepared in accordance with Canaccord Genuity’s policy on managing conflicts of interest, 
                            and information barriers or firewalls have been used where appropriate. Canaccord Genuity’s policy is 
                            available upon request.  
                            The information contained in this investment research has been compiled by Canaccord Genuity from sources 
                            believed to be reliable, but (with the exception of the information about Canaccord Genuity) no representation 
                            or warranty, express or implied, is made by Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            as to its fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness. Canaccord Genuity has not independently verified 
                            the facts, assumptions, and estimates contained herein. All estimates, opinions and other information 
                            contained in this investment research constitute Canaccord Genuity’s judgement as of the date of this 
                            investment research, are subject to change without notice and are provided in good faith but without legal 
                            responsibility or liability. 
                            Canaccord Genuity’s salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market 
                            commentary or trading strategies to our clients and our proprietary trading desk that reflect opinions that are 
                            contrary to the opinions expressed in this investment research. Canaccord Genuity’s affiliates, principal 
                            trading desk, and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
                            recommendations or views expressed in this investment research. 
                            This investment research is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or 
                            solicitation to buy or sell any designated investments discussed herein in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
                            solicitation would be prohibited. As a result, the designated investments discussed in this investment 
                            research may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This investment research is not, and under no 
                            circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as a securities broker or dealer in any jurisdiction 
                            by any person or company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or 
                            dealer in that jurisdiction. This material is prepared for general circulation to clients and does not have 
                            regard to the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors 
                            should obtain advice based on their own individual circumstances before making an investment decision. To 
                            the fullest extent permitted by law, none of Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from or relating to any use of the 
                            information contained in this investment research. 
                             
For Canadian Residents:     This Investment Research has been approved by Canaccord Genuity Corp., which accepts sole responsibility 
                            for this Investment Research and its dissemination in Canada. Canadian clients wishing to effect transactions 
                            in any Designated Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity 
                            Corp. in their particular jurisdiction. 
                                
For United Kingdom          This investment research is distributed in the United Kingdom, as third party research by Canaccord Genuity 
Residents:                  Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. This research is for 
                            distribution only to  persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients only and is exempt from 
                            the general restrictions in section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 on the communication of 
                            invitations or inducements to engage in investment activity on the grounds that it is being distributed in the 
                            United Kingdom only to persons of a kind described in Article 19(5) (Investment Professionals) and 49(2) 
                            (High Net Worth companies, unincorporated associations etc) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
                            (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended). It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or 
                            indirectly, to any other class of persons. This material is not for distribution in the United Kingdom to retail 
                            clients, as defined under the rules of the Financial Services Authority. 
                                
For United States           Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US registered broker-dealer, accepts responsibility for this Investment Research 
Residents:                  and its dissemination in the United States. This Investment Research is intended for distribution in the United 
                            States only to certain US institutional investors. US clients wishing to effect transactions in any Designated 

                                                                                                                                               

                                                                                                                                              145
---------------------Page 7---------------------

                                                                                                             Daily Letter |   7 
                                                                                                                 6 December 2010 

                                                                                                                                             
                            Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity Inc. Analyst(s) 
                            preparing this report that are not employed by Canaccord Genuity Inc are resident outside the United States 
                            and are not associated persons or employees of any US regulated broker-dealer. Such analyst(s) may not be 
                            subject to Rule 2711 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading 
                            securities held by a research analyst account. 
                             
For European Residents:     If this Investment Research is intended for disclosure in any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom, the 
                            US or Canada, then the relevant rules and regulatory requirements of that jurisdiction will apply.    
                             
                            Additional information is available on request. Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Corp. 2010. – Member IIROC/Canadian Investor Protection Fund 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Limited 2010. – Member LSE, authorized and regulated by the Financial 
                            Services Authority. 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Inc. 2010. – Member FINRA/SIPC 
                            All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under 
                            copyright to Canaccord Genuity Corp., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Inc. None of the 
                            material, nor its content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any 
                            other party, without the prior express written permission of the entities listed above.    
                                                                       
                                                                       

                                                                                                                                             

                                                                                                                                            146
---------------------Page 8---------------------

 

                                                               
                                                               
                                                               

 

                                                                                                                                147
