---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                                HOT COMMENT
                                                                                                                    June 5, 2012

 Teavana Holdings, Inc. (TEA)                                                                                Overweight

 Highlights from the 32nd Annual Piper Jaffray Consumer Conference

CONCLUSION
                                                                                          PRICE: US$13.42
We are reiterating our Overweight rating and $25 price target on TEA shares following     TARGET: US$25.00
management's presentation at the Piper Jaffray Consumer Conference. We believe that              30x FY14E EPS
Teavana's underlying business remains strong despite recent weakness in the stock, and
we are encouraged that management believes it can achieve a low-twenties operating        Neely J.N. Tamminga
                                                                                          Sr Research Analyst, Piper Jaffray & Co.
margin as the business scales and loose tea grows as a percentage of total company        612 303-1537, neely.j.tamminga@pjc.com
revenue.
                                                                                          Alex J. Fuhrman
                                                                                          Research Analyst, Piper Jaffray & Co.
• Presenting at the conference were CEO Andrew Mack and CFO Dan Glennon.                  212 284-9315, alex.j.fuhrman@pjc.com
                                                                                          Related Companies:        Share Price:
• Management discussed its pending acquisition of Teaopia, which was announced on         TEA                          13.42
  4/16/12. Teaopia is a 46-store chain that began operations in 2005 and looks, acts,
  smells, and feels a lot like Teavana. During its presentation, management characterized
  Teaopia as a business occupying a profitable niche in Canada, but with meaningful
  opportunity to improve profitability by converting its stores into Teavana locations
  and improving store-level execution. We believe sales and margin expansion tied to this
  integration are on deck in the years to come. Our FY13 EPS estimate includes about
  $0.05 in integration costs associated with the acquisition. Excluding these integration
  costs, management expects the acquisition to be accretive by $0.03-$0.04 to EPS in
  FY13.

• Management elaborated on its real estate strategy. It appears that Teavana is having
  success in expanding to new markets and is exploring new real estate formats, such as
  a broader street location strategy. Management indicated that it plans to open a store
  in New York City this July near the corner of 86th Street and Lexington Avenue.

• Regarding cost control, management sees opportunity to increase operating margins
  by containing product costs as well as by leveraging SG&A as the business grows.
  Longer-term, management indicated that it believes it can achieve a low-twenties
  operating margin as the business scales and loose tea represents an increasingly large
  share of total company revenue.

• Management also discussed the potential of launching a consumer packaged goods
  line for sale through other channels. Although the time line for the development of
  a CPG line was not discussed, management indicated it believes the high-end tea
  category is under penetrated in the grocery channel, and cited several examples of
  coffee brands which have thoughtfully executed a brand-sensitive channel expansion.
  We believe the launch of a CPG line could be meaningfully accretive within the first
  year or two of operations, although management has not yet discussed firm plans to
  make such a move.

• We rate TEA shares Overweight with a $25 price target based on 30x FY14E EPS.
RISKS TO ACHIEVEMENT OF PRICE TARGET
Macroeconomic pressures, risk to opening stores internationally and working with
franchise partners, reliance on key top management, limited ability to hedge costs.
COMPANY DESCRIPTION
Teavana   is   a   specialty   retailer   of   loose   tea   and   related   accessories   operating
approximately 223 stores.
Piper Jaffray does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware
that the firm may have a conflict of interest  that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as
only a single factor in making their investment decisions. This report should be read  in conjunction with important disclosure
information, including  an attestation under Regulation Analyst certification, found on pages 2 - 4 of this report or at the following
site: http://www.piperjaffray.com/researchdisclosures
Teavana Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                 Page 1 of 4
                                                                                                                                14
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                                                                                            HOT COMMENT
                                                                                                                                June 5, 2012

 IMPORTANT RESEARCH DISCLOSURES

 Notes: The boxes on the Rating and Price Target History chart above indicate the date of the Research Note, the rating, and the price target. Each
 box represents a date on which an analyst made a change to a rating or price target, except for the first box, which may only represent the first Note
 written during the past three years.

 Legend:
 I: Initiating Coverage
 R: Resuming Coverage
 T: Transferring Coverage
 D: Discontinuing Coverage
 S: Suspending Coverage
 OW: Overweight
 N: Neutral
 UW: Underweight
 B: Buy (Piper Jaffray discontinued use of the B, N, and S ratings on June 30, 2009)
 N: Neutral
 S: Sell
 AL On/AL Off: Placed on/removed from the Alpha List maintained by Piper Jaffray (AL use discontinued March 2010)
 NA: Not Available
 UR: Under Review

                                                 Distribution of Ratings/IB Services
                                                            Piper Jaffray

                                                                                                              IB Serv./Past 12 Mos.
  Rating                                                          Count                Percent             Count           Percent
  BUY [OW]                                                          368                  55.67                65             17.66
  HOLD [N]                                                          264                  39.94                19              7.20
  SELL [UW]                                                          29                   4.39                 1              3.45
                                                                         
 Note: Distribution of Ratings/IB Services shows the number of companies currently in each rating category from which Piper Jaffray and its
 affiliates received compensation for investment banking services within the past 12 months. FINRA rules require disclosure of which ratings most
 closely correspond with "buy," "hold," and "sell" recommendations. Piper Jaffray ratings are not the equivalent of buy, hold or sell, but instead
 represent recommended relative weightings. Nevertheless, Overweight corresponds most closely with buy, Neutral with hold and Underweight with
 sell. See Stock Rating definitions below.

Teavana Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                           Page 2 of 4
                                                                                                                                           15
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                                                                               HOT COMMENT
                                                                                                                                   June 5, 2012

  Analyst Certification  — Neely J.N. Tamminga, Sr Research Analyst
  Analyst Certification  — Alex J. Fuhrman, Research Analyst
  The views expressed in this report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject company and the subject security. In addition, no part of
  my compensation was, is, or will be directly or indirectly related to the specific recommendations or views contained in this report.

  Research Disclosures
  Piper Jaffray was making a market in the securities of Teavana Holdings, Inc. at the time this research report was published. Piper Jaffray will buy
  and sell Teavana Holdings, Inc. securities on a principal basis.
  Piper Jaffray has received compensation for investment banking services from or has had a client relationship with Teavana Holdings, Inc. within
  the past 12 months.
  Within the past 12 months Piper Jaffray was a managing underwriter of a public offering of, or dealer manager of a tender offer for, the securities
  of Teavana Holdings, Inc. or the securities of an affiliate.
  Within the past 3 years Piper Jaffray participated in a public offering of, or acted as a dealer manager for, Teavana Holdings, Inc. securities.

  Affiliate Disclosures: This report has been prepared by Piper Jaffray & Co. and/or its affiliate Piper Jaffray Asia Securities Limited, both of which
  are subsidiaries of Piper Jaffray Companies (collectively Piper Jaffray). Piper Jaffray & Co. is regulated by FINRA, NYSE, and the United States
  Securities and Exchange Commission, and its headquarters is located at 800 Nicollet Mall, Minneapolis, MN 55402. Piper Jaffray Asia Securities
  Limited is a licensed corporation regulated by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong ("SFC"), entered on the SFC's register, no.
  ABO154, and is an exchange participant of The Stock Exchange of Hong Kong Limited. Its headquarters is located at Suite 1308, 13/F Two Pacific
  Place, 88 Queensway, Hong Kong. Disclosures in this section and in the Other Important Information section referencing Piper Jaffray include all
  affiliated entities unless otherwise specified.

  Piper Jaffray research analysts receive compensation that is based, in part, on overall firm revenues, which include investment banking revenues.

  Rating Definitions
     Stock Ratings: Piper Jaffray ratings are indicators of expected total return (price appreciation plus dividend) within the next 12 months. At times
     analysts may specify a different investment horizon or may include additional investment time horizons for specific stocks. Stock performance
     is measured relative to the group of stocks covered by each analyst. Lists of the stocks covered by each are available at www.piperjaffray.com/
     researchdisclosures. Stock ratings and/or stock coverage may be suspended from time to time in the event that there is no active analyst opinion
     or analyst coverage, but the opinion or coverage is expected to resume. Research reports and ratings should not be relied upon as individual
     investment advice. As always, an investor’s decision to buy or sell a security must depend on individual circumstances, including existing holdings,
     time horizons and risk tolerance. Piper Jaffray sales and trading personnel may provide written or oral commentary, trade ideas, or other
     information about a particular stock to clients or internal trading desks reflecting different opinions than those expressed by the research
     analyst. In addition, Piper Jaffray technical research products are based on different methodologies and may contradict the opinions contained
     in fundamental research reports.
     •  Overweight (OW): Anticipated to outperform relative to the median of the group of stocks covered by the analyst.
     •  Neutral (N): Anticipated to perform in line relative to the median of the group of stocks covered by the analyst.
     •  Underweight (UW): Anticipated to underperform relative to the median of the group of stocks covered by the analyst.

     An industry outlook represents the analyst’s view of the industry represented by the stocks in the analyst’s coverage group. A Favorable
     industry outlook generally means that the analyst expects the fundamentals and/or valuations of the industry to improve over the investment
     time horizon. A Neutral industry outlook generally means that the analyst does not expect the fundamentals and/or valuations of the industry
     to either improve or deteriorate meaningfully from its current state. An Unfavorable industry outlook generally means that the analyst expects
     the fundamentals and/or valuations of the industry to deteriorate meaningfully over the investment time horizon.

Teavana Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                              Page 3 of 4
                                                                                                                                               16
---------------------Page 4---------------------

                                                                                                                                  HOT COMMENT
                                                                                                                                      June 5, 2012

  Other Important Information
  The material regarding the subject company is based on data obtained from sources we deem to be reliable; it is not guaranteed as to accuracy and
  does not purport to be complete. This report is solely for informational purposes and is not intended to be used as the primary basis of investment
  decisions. Piper Jaffray has not assessed the suitability of the subject company for any person. Because of individual client requirements, it is not, and
  it should not be construed as, advice designed to meet the particular investment needs of any investor. This report is not an offer or the solicitation
  of an offer to sell or buy any security. Unless otherwise noted, the price of a security mentioned in this report is the market closing price as of the
  end of the prior business day. Piper Jaffray does not maintain a predetermined schedule for publication of research and will not necessarily update
  this report. Piper Jaffray policy generally prohibits research analysts from sending draft research reports to subject companies; however, it should be
  presumed that the analyst(s) who authored this report has had discussions with the subject company to ensure factual accuracy prior to publication,
  and has had assistance from the company in conducting diligence, including visits to company sites and meetings with company management and
  other representatives.

  This report is published in accordance with a conflicts management policy, which is available at http://www.piperjaffray.com/researchdisclosures.

  Notice to customers: This material is not directed to, or intended for distribution to or use by, any person or entity if Piper Jaffray is prohibited or
  restricted by any legislation or regulation in any jurisdiction from making it available to such person or entity. Customers in any of the jurisdictions
  where Piper Jaffray and its affiliates do business who wish to effect a transaction in the securities discussed in this report should contact their local
  Piper Jaffray representative. Europe: This material is for the use of intended recipients only and only for distribution to professional and institutional
  investors, i.e. persons who are authorised persons or exempted persons within the meaning of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 of the
  United Kingdom, or persons who have been categorised by Piper Jaffray Ltd. as professional clients under the rules of the Financial Services Authority.
  Asia: This report is distributed in Hong Kong by Piper Jaffray Asia Securities Limited, which is regulated by the Hong Kong SFC. This report is
  intended only for distribution to professional investors as defined in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance and is for the use of intended
  recipients only. United States: This report is distributed in the United States by Piper Jaffray & Co., member SIPC, FINRA and NYSE, Inc., which
  accepts responsibility for its contents. The securities described in this report may not have been registered under the U.S. Securities Act of 1933 and, in
  such case, may not be offered or sold in the United States or to U.S. persons unless they have been so registered, or an exemption from the registration
  requirements is available.

  This report is produced for the use of Piper Jaffray customers and may not be reproduced, re-distributed or passed to any other person or published
  in whole or in part for any purpose without the prior consent of Piper Jaffray & Co. Additional information is available upon request.

  Copyright 2012 Piper Jaffray. All rights reserved.

Teavana Holdings, Inc.                                                                                                                 Page 4 of 4
                                                                                                                                                  17
