---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                                    
                            
                            

                                                                                   MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
                                                                                   NORTH AMERICA 
                    
                                                                                    
                                                                                   Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC Kimberly C Greenberger 
                                 Morgan Stanley appreciates your support in the                           Kimberly.Greenberger@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                          +1 212 761 6284 
                                 Institutional Investor 2012 All-America Equity 
                                 Research Team Survey.                                                    Peter Kahng 
                                                                                                          Peter.Kahng@morganstanley.com 
                                 Request your ballot.                                                     +1 212 761 5156 
                                                                                                          Jay Sole 
                   May 30, 2012                                                                           Jay.Sole@morganstanley.com 
                                                                                                          +1 212 761 5866 

                   Teavana Holdings, Inc.                                                                 Laura O Ross 
Stock Rating                                                                                              Laura.Ross@morganstanley.com 
Equal-weight                                                                                              +1 (1) 212 761 6117 
                   In-Line 1Q EPS; Negative 
Industry View 
In-Line 
                   Store Trends Continue                                           Key Ratios and Statistics 
                                                                                   Reuters: TEA.N  Bloomberg: TEA US 
                    
                                                                                   Retail, Softlines / United States of America 
                    
                   What’s New: TEA reported $0.10 EPS, slightly higher             Shr price, close (May 29, 2012)               $16.81
                   than MSe $0.09 and in line with cons $0.10. 1Q sales            Mkt cap, curr (mm)                              $663
                   grew 26.8% to $44.3M vs. MSe $43.9M (+1c) and cons              52-Week Range                            $29.35-14.28
                   $45.1M. Comps (incl. e-com) increased +1.7%. Gross 
                   margins were higher than expected at 64.1% vs. MSe 
                   63.0% (+1c), offset by higher SG&A of 46.2% vs. our 
                   44.5% estimate (-1c) resulting in operating margin 
                   50bps lower than MSe 14.4%. 

                   Store only transaction trends still concerning. 1Q 
                   same store transactions (excluding e-commerce and 
                   beverage only) of -3.0% resumed negative trends 
                   (-1.8% in 2Q11, -2.5% in 3Q11) after reversing in 4Q11 
                   (+1.6%). Including beverage sales, store only comps 
                   were -0.1% (vs. MSe +2.0%) driven by -0.3% 
                   transactions and +0.2% average ticket. We are 
                   concerned about the company’s future ability to drive 
                   traffic and maintain positive comps. 

                   Store openings drive growth. TEA opened more new 
                   doors than expected (23 vs. 18-20 guidance) in the 
                   quarter, ending with 223 stores. FY store opening plan 
                   remains on track for 60 new stores.  

                   Inventory/sqft growth decreases -7.7%. The direct 
                   sourcing initiative continues to lower inventory levels 
                   after seeing large increases last year. Total inventory 
                   growth slows to 25.9% vs. a 51.7% 4Q increase and 
                   compared to 26.8% sales growth in the quarter. 

                   Teaopia transaction 2c dilutive in 2Q but neutral to 
                   2012 guidance. Q2 guidance calls for 13-14 new stores 
                   and sales between $38 to $40M on +L-MSD comps and 
                   EPS range of $0.02 to $0.03 (vs. MSe 2c). Transaction           Morgan Stanley does and seeks to do business with 
                   and integration expenses from the Teaopia transaction           companies covered in Morgan Stanley Research. As 
                   are expected to be 3c in addition to a 2c tax benefit.          a result, investors should be aware that the firm may 
                   FY2012 EPS guidance remains at $0.58–$0.61 based                have a conflict of interest that could affect the 
                                                                                   objectivity of Morgan Stanley Research. Investors 
                   on +MSD comps. The Teaopia transaction should have              should consider Morgan Stanley Research as only a 
                   a neutral impact excluding a 4c–5c impact from                  single factor in making their investment decision. 
                   transaction and integration expenses.                           For analyst certification and other important 
                                                                                   disclosures, refer to the Disclosure Section, 
                                                                                   located at the end of this report. 

                                                                                                                                    49
---------------------Page 2---------------------

 
                                                                            MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                            May 30, 2012 
                                                                            Teavana Holdings, Inc. 

 
                                                     
                           
                          
                                                    Morgan Stanley ModelWare is a proprietary analytic framework that helps clients 
                                                    uncover value, adjusting for distortions and ambiguities created by local accounting 
                                                    regulations. For example, ModelWare EPS adjusts for one-time events, capitalizes operating 
                                                    leases (where their use is significant), and converts inventory from LIFO costing to a FIFO 
                                                  
                                                    basis. ModelWare also emphasizes the separation of operating performance of a company 
                                                    from its financing for a more complete view of how a company generates earnings.  
  
                                                    Disclosure Section 
The information and opinions in Morgan Stanley Research were prepared by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, and/or Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., and/or 
Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. As used in this disclosure section, "Morgan Stanley" includes Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, 
Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A., Morgan Stanley Mexico, Casa de Bolsa, S.A. de C.V. and their affiliates as necessary. 
For important disclosures, stock price charts and equity rating histories regarding companies that are the subject of this report, please see the Morgan 
Stanley Research Disclosure Website at www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures, or contact your investment representative or Morgan Stanley 
Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY, 10036 USA. 
For valuation methodology and risks associated with any price targets referenced in this research report, please email 
morganstanley.research@morganstanley.com with a request for valuation methodology and risks on a particular stock or contact your investment 
representative or Morgan Stanley Research at 1585 Broadway, (Attention: Research Management), New York, NY 10036 USA. 
Analyst Certification 
The following analysts hereby certify that their views about the companies and their securities discussed in this report are accurately expressed and 
that they have not received and will not receive direct or indirect compensation in exchange for expressing specific recommendations or views in this 
report: Kimberly Greenberger. 
Unless otherwise stated, the individuals listed on the cover page of this report are research analysts. 
Global Research Conflict Management Policy 
Morgan Stanley Research has been published in accordance with our conflict management policy, which is available at 
www.morganstanley.com/institutional/research/conflictpolicies. 
Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies 
The following analyst or strategist (or a household member) owns securities (or related derivatives) in a company that he or she covers or recommends 
in Morgan Stanley Research: Jay Sole - Aeropostale Inc(common or preferred stock). Morgan Stanley policy prohibits research analysts, strategists 
and research associates from investing in securities in their sub industry as defined by the Global Industry Classification Standard ("GICS," which was 
developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P).  Analysts may nevertheless own such securities to the extent acquired under a prior 
policy or in a merger, fund distribution or other involuntary acquisition. 
As of April 30, 2012, Morgan Stanley beneficially owned 1% or more of a class of common equity securities of the following companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research: American Eagle Outfitters, Inc., Coach Inc. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley managed or co-managed a public offering (or 144A offering) of securities of Express, Inc., Michael Kors 
Holdings Ltd, Skullcandy Inc, Teavana Holdings, Inc.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for investment banking services from Express, Inc., Gap Inc, Limited Brands 
Inc, Michael Kors Holdings Ltd, Skullcandy Inc, Teavana Holdings, Inc., Tiffany & Co.. 
In the next 3 months, Morgan Stanley expects to receive or intends to seek compensation for investment banking services from Coach Inc, Express, 
Inc., Gap Inc, Michael Kors Holdings Ltd, Ross Stores Inc., Skullcandy Inc, Tiffany & Co.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has received compensation for products and services other than investment banking services from 
Abercrombie & Fitch Co., Skullcandy Inc. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has provided or is providing investment banking services to, or has an investment banking client 
relationship with, the following company: Coach Inc, Express, Inc., Gap Inc, Limited Brands Inc, Michael Kors Holdings Ltd, Ross Stores Inc., 
Skullcandy Inc, Teavana Holdings, Inc., Tiffany & Co.. 
Within the last 12 months, Morgan Stanley has either provided or is providing non-investment banking, securities-related services to and/or in the past 
has entered into an agreement to provide services or has a client relationship with the following company: Abercrombie & Fitch Co., Express, Inc., 
Skullcandy Inc, TJX Companies Inc.. 
Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC makes a market in the securities of Abercrombie & Fitch Co., Aeropostale Inc, American Eagle Outfitters, Inc., ANN Inc., 
Chico's FAS Inc., Children's Place Retail Stores Inc., Coach Inc, Express, Inc., Gap Inc, Limited Brands Inc, Lululemon Athletica Inc., Michael Kors 
Holdings Ltd, Ross Stores Inc., Skullcandy Inc, Teavana Holdings, Inc., Tiffany & Co., TJX Companies Inc., Urban Outfitters Inc.. 
The equity research analysts or strategists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based 
upon various factors, including quality of research, investor client feedback, stock picking, competitive factors, firm revenues and overall investment 
banking revenues. 
Morgan Stanley and its affiliates do business that relates to companies/instruments covered in Morgan Stanley Research, including market making, 
providing liquidity and specialized trading, risk arbitrage and other proprietary trading, fund management, commercial banking, extension of credit, 
investment services and investment banking. Morgan Stanley sells to and buys from customers the securities/instruments of companies covered in 
Morgan Stanley Research on a principal basis. Morgan Stanley may have a position in the debt of the Company or instruments discussed in this report. 
Certain disclosures listed above are also for compliance with applicable regulations in non-US jurisdictions. 
STOCK RATINGS 
Morgan Stanley uses a relative rating system using terms such as Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated or Underweight (see definitions below). 
Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the 
equivalent of buy, hold and sell.  Investors should carefully read the definitions of all ratings used in Morgan Stanley Research. In addition, since 
Morgan Stanley Research contains more complete information concerning the analyst's views, investors should carefully read Morgan Stanley 
Research, in its entirety, and not infer the contents from the rating alone.  In any case, ratings (or research) should not be used or relied upon as 
investment advice.  An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) 
and other considerations. 
Global Stock Ratings Distribution 
(as of April 30, 2012) 
For disclosure purposes only (in accordance with NASD and NYSE requirements), we include the category headings of Buy, Hold, and Sell alongside 
our ratings of Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight. Morgan Stanley does not assign ratings of Buy, Hold or Sell to the stocks we 
cover. Overweight, Equal-weight, Not-Rated and Underweight are not the equivalent of buy, hold, and sell but represent recommended relative 

 
                                                                                                                                              2 
                                                                                                                                                 50
---------------------Page 3---------------------

 
                                                                             MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                             May 30, 2012 
                                                                             Teavana Holdings, Inc. 

weightings (see definitions below). To satisfy regulatory requirements, we correspond Overweight, our most positive stock rating, with a buy 
recommendation; we correspond Equal-weight and Not-Rated to hold and Underweight to sell recommendations, respectively. 
 
                        Coverage Universe     Investment Banking Clients (IBC)
                                        % of                   % of % of Rating 
Stock Rating Category       Count       Total     Count  Total IBC  Category
Overweight/Buy             1115 38%            459           42%           41%
Equal-weight/Hold          1254 43%            474           44%           38%
Not-Rated/Hold               100 3%               25             2%           25%
Underweight/Sell             471 16%            124           11%           26%
Total                      2,940  1082                      
 
Data include common stock and ADRs currently assigned ratings. An investor's decision to buy or sell a stock should depend on individual 
circumstances (such as the investor's existing holdings) and other considerations. Investment Banking Clients are companies from whom Morgan 
Stanley received investment banking compensation in the last 12 months. 
Analyst Stock Ratings 
Overweight (O). The stock's total return is expected to exceed the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, 
on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Equal-weight (E). The stock's total return is expected to be in line with the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Not-Rated (NR). Currently the analyst does not have adequate conviction about the stock's total return relative to the average total return of the 
analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Underweight (U). The stock's total return is expected to be below the average total return of the analyst's industry (or industry team's) coverage 
universe, on a risk-adjusted basis, over the next 12-18 months. 
Unless otherwise specified, the time frame for price targets included in Morgan Stanley Research is 12 to 18 months. 
Analyst Industry Views 
Attractive (A): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be attractive vs. the 
relevant broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
In-Line (I): The analyst expects the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months to be in line with the relevant 
broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Cautious (C): The analyst views the performance of his or her industry coverage universe over the next 12-18 months with caution vs. the relevant 
broad market benchmark, as indicated below. 
Benchmarks for each region are as follows: North America - S&P 500; Latin America - relevant MSCI country index or MSCI Latin America Index; 
Europe - MSCI Europe; Japan - TOPIX; Asia - relevant MSCI country index. 
. 
Stock Price, Price Target and Rating History (See Rating Definitions) 

 
                                                                                                                                                 3 
                                                                                                                                                    51
---------------------Page 4---------------------

 
                                                                                       MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                                       May 30, 2012 
                                                                                       Teavana Holdings, Inc. 

                                                                                                                                                                
Important Disclosures for Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC Customers 
Citi Investment Research & Analysis (CIRA) research reports may be available about the companies or topics that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research.  Ask your 
Financial Advisor or use Research Center to view any available CIRA research reports in addition to Morgan Stanley research reports. 
Important disclosures regarding the relationship between the companies that are the subject of Morgan Stanley Research and Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC, Morgan 
Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. or any of their affiliates, are available on the Morgan Stanley Smith Barney disclosure website at 
www.morganstanleysmithbarney.com/researchdisclosures. 
For Morgan Stanley and Citigroup Global Markets, Inc. specific disclosures, you may refer to www.morganstanley.com/researchdisclosures and 
https://www.citigroupgeo.com/geopublic/Disclosures/index_a.html. 
Each Morgan Stanley Equity Research report is reviewed and approved on behalf of Morgan Stanley Smith Barney LLC.  This review and approval is conducted by the 
same person who reviews the Equity Research report on behalf of Morgan Stanley.  This could create a conflict of interest. 
Other Important Disclosures 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International PLC and its affiliates have a significant financial interest in the debt securities of Gap Inc, TJX Companies Inc.. 
Morgan Stanley is not acting as a municipal advisor and the opinions or views contained herein are not intended to be, and do not constitute, advice within the meaning of 
Section 975 of the Dodd-Frank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act. 
Morgan Stanley produces an equity research product called a "Tactical Idea." Views contained in a "Tactical Idea" on a particular stock may be contrary to the 
recommendations or views expressed in research on the same stock. This may be the result of differing time horizons, methodologies, market events, or other factors. For 
all research available on a particular stock, please contact your sales representative or go to Client Link at www.morganstanley.com. 
Morgan Stanley Research does not provide individually tailored investment advice. Morgan Stanley Research has been prepared without regard to the circumstances and 
objectives of those who receive it. Morgan Stanley recommends that investors independently evaluate particular investments and strategies, and encourages investors to 
seek the advice of a financial adviser. The appropriateness of an investment or strategy will depend on an investor's circumstances and objectives. The securities, 
instruments, or strategies discussed in Morgan Stanley Research may not be suitable for all investors, and certain investors may not be eligible to purchase or participate in 
some or all of them. Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any trading strategy. The value of and income from 
your investments may vary because of changes in interest rates, foreign exchange rates, default rates, prepayment rates, securities/instruments prices, market indexes, 
operational or financial conditions of companies or other factors. There may be time limitations on the exercise of options or other rights in securities/instruments 
transactions. Past performance is not necessarily a guide to future performance. Estimates of future performance are based on assumptions that may not be realized. If 
provided, and unless otherwise stated, the closing price on the cover page is that of the primary exchange for the subject company's securities/instruments. 
The fixed income research analysts, strategists or economists principally responsible for the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research have received compensation based 
upon various factors, including quality, accuracy and value of research, firm profitability or revenues (which include fixed income trading and capital markets profitability or 
revenues), client feedback and competitive factors. Fixed Income Research analysts', strategists' or economists' compensation is not linked to investment banking or capital 
markets transactions performed by Morgan Stanley or the profitability or revenues of particular trading desks. 
Morgan Stanley Research is not an offer to buy or sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security/instrument or to participate in any particular trading strategy.  
The "Important US Regulatory Disclosures on Subject Companies" section in Morgan Stanley Research lists all companies mentioned where Morgan Stanley owns 1% or 
more of a class of common equity securities of the companies.  For all other companies mentioned in Morgan Stanley Research, Morgan Stanley may have an investment 
of less than 1% in securities/instruments or derivatives of securities/instruments of companies and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley 
Research. Employees of Morgan Stanley not involved in the preparation of Morgan Stanley Research may have investments in securities/instruments or derivatives of 
securities/instruments of companies mentioned and may trade them in ways different from those discussed in Morgan Stanley Research. Derivatives may be issued by 
Morgan Stanley or associated persons. 
With the exception of information regarding Morgan Stanley, Morgan Stanley Research is based on public information. Morgan Stanley makes every effort to use reliable, 
comprehensive information, but we make no representation that it is accurate or complete.  We have no obligation to tell you when opinions or information in Morgan Stanley 

 
                                                                                                                                                                  4 
                                                                                                                                                                      52
---------------------Page 5---------------------

 
                                                                                       MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 

                                                                                       May 30, 2012 
                                                                                       Teavana Holdings, Inc. 

Research change apart from when we intend to discontinue equity research coverage of a subject company. Facts and views presented in Morgan Stanley Research have 
not been reviewed by, and may not reflect information known to, professionals in other Morgan Stanley business areas, including investment banking personnel. 
Morgan Stanley Research personnel may participate in company events such as site visits and are generally prohibited from accepting payment by the company of 
associated expenses unless pre-approved by authorized members of Research management. 
Morgan Stanley may make investment decisions or take proprietary positions that are inconsistent with the recommendations or views in this report. 
To our readers in Taiwan:  Information on securities/instruments that trade in Taiwan is distributed by Morgan Stanley Taiwan Limited ("MSTL"). Such information is for your 
reference only. Information on any securities/instruments issued by a company owned by the government of or incorporated in the PRC and listed in on the Stock Exchange 
of Hong Kong ("SEHK"), namely the H-shares, including the component company stocks of the Stock Exchange of Hong Kong ("SEHK")'s Hang Seng China Enterprise 
Index is distributed only to Taiwan Securities Investment Trust Enterprises ("SITE"). The reader should independently evaluate the investment risks and is solely 
responsible for their investment decisions. Morgan Stanley Research may not be distributed to the public media or quoted or used by the public media without the express 
written consent of Morgan Stanley. To our readers in Hong Kong: Information is distributed in Hong Kong by and on behalf of, and is attributable to, Morgan Stanley Asia 
Limited as part of its regulated activities in Hong Kong. If you have any queries concerning Morgan Stanley Research, please contact our Hong Kong sales representatives. 
Information on securities/instruments that do not trade in Taiwan is for informational purposes only and is not to be construed as a recommendation or a solicitation to trade 
in such securities/instruments. MSTL may not execute transactions for clients in these securities/instruments. 
Morgan Stanley is not incorporated under PRC law and the research in relation to this report is conducted outside the PRC.  Morgan Stanley Research does not constitute 
an offer to sell or the solicitation of an offer to buy any securities in the PRC.  PRC investors shall have the relevant qualifications to invest in such securities and shall be 
responsible for obtaining all relevant approvals, licenses, verifications and/or registrations from the relevant governmental authorities themselves. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated in Brazil by Morgan Stanley C.T.V.M. S.A.; in Japan by Morgan Stanley MUFG Securities Co., Ltd. and, for Commodities related 
research reports only, Morgan Stanley Capital Group Japan Co., Ltd; in Hong Kong by Morgan Stanley Asia Limited (which accepts responsibility for its contents); in 
Singapore by Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Pte. (Registration number 199206298Z) and/or Morgan Stanley Asia (Singapore) Securities Pte Ltd (Registration number 
200008434H), regulated by the Monetary Authority of Singapore (which accepts legal responsibility for its contents and should be contacted with respect to any matters 
arising from, or in connection with, Morgan Stanley Research); in Australia to "wholesale clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley 
Australia Limited A.B.N. 67 003 734 576, holder of Australian financial services license No. 233742, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Australia to "wholesale 
clients" and "retail clients" within the meaning of the Australian Corporations Act by Morgan Stanley Smith Barney Australia Pty Ltd (A.B.N. 19 009 145 555, holder of 
Australian financial services license No. 240813, which accepts responsibility for its contents; in Korea by Morgan Stanley & Co International plc, Seoul Branch; in India by 
Morgan Stanley India Company Private Limited; in Canada by Morgan Stanley Canada Limited, which has approved of and takes responsibility for its contents in Canada; 
in Germany by Morgan Stanley Bank AG, Frankfurt am Main and Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management Limited, Niederlassung Deutschland, regulated by 
Bundesanstalt fuer Finanzdienstleistungsaufsicht (BaFin); in Spain by Morgan Stanley, S.V., S.A., a Morgan Stanley group company, which is supervised by the Spanish 
Securities Markets Commission (CNMV) and states that Morgan Stanley Research has been written and distributed in accordance with the rules of conduct applicable to 
financial research as established under Spanish regulations; in the US by Morgan Stanley & Co. LLC, which accepts responsibility for its contents. Morgan Stanley & Co. 
International plc, authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority, disseminates in the UK research that it has prepared, and approves solely for the purposes 
of section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000, research which has been prepared by any of its affiliates. Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management Limited, 
authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority, also disseminates Morgan Stanley Research in the UK. Private UK investors should obtain the advice of their 
Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc or Morgan Stanley Private Wealth Management representative about the investments concerned. RMB Morgan Stanley (Proprietary) 
Limited is a member of the JSE Limited and regulated by the Financial Services Board in South Africa. RMB Morgan Stanley (Proprietary) Limited is a joint venture owned 
equally by Morgan Stanley International Holdings Inc. and RMB Investment Advisory (Proprietary) Limited, which is wholly owned by FirstRand Limited. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (DIFC Branch), regulated by the Dubai Financial Services 
Authority (the DFSA), and is directed at Professional Clients only, as defined by the DFSA. The financial products or financial services to which this research relates will only 
be made available to a customer who we are satisfied meets the regulatory criteria to be a Professional Client. 
The information in Morgan Stanley Research is being communicated by Morgan Stanley & Co. International plc (QFC Branch), regulated by the Qatar Financial Centre 
Regulatory Authority (the QFCRA), and is directed at business customers and market counterparties only and is not intended for Retail Customers as defined by the 
QFCRA. 
As required by the Capital Markets Board of Turkey, investment information, comments and recommendations stated here, are not within the scope of investment advisory 
activity. Investment advisory service is provided in accordance with a contract of engagement on investment advisory concluded between brokerage houses, portfolio 
management companies, non-deposit banks and clients. Comments and recommendations stated here rely on the individual opinions of the ones providing these 
comments and recommendations. These opinions may not fit to your financial status, risk and return preferences. For this reason, to make an investment decision by relying 
solely to this information stated here may not bring about outcomes that fit your expectations. 
The trademarks and service marks contained in Morgan Stanley Research are the property of their respective owners. Third-party data providers make no warranties or 
representations relating to the accuracy, completeness, or timeliness of the data they provide and shall not have liability for any damages relating to such data. The Global 
Industry Classification Standard (GICS) was developed by and is the exclusive property of MSCI and S&P. Morgan Stanley bases projections, opinions, forecasts and 
trading strategies regarding the MSCI Country Index Series solely on public information. MSCI has not reviewed, approved or endorsed these projections, opinions, 
forecasts and trading strategies. Morgan Stanley has no influence on or control over MSCI's index compilation decisions. Morgan Stanley Research or portions of it may not 
be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley.  Morgan Stanley research is disseminated and available primarily electronically, and, in 
some cases, in printed form.  Additional information on recommended securities/instruments is available on request. 
Morgan Stanley Research, or any portion thereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of Morgan Stanley. 
Morgan Stanley Research is disseminated and available primarily electronically, and, in some cases, in printed form. 
Additional information on recommended securities/instruments is available on request.  

 
                                                                                                                                                                    5 
                                                                                                                                                                       53
---------------------Page 6---------------------

                          
                                                                                          MORGAN STANLEY RESEARCH 
                                
  

The Americas                                     Europe                                           Japan                                             Asia/Pacific 
1585 Broadway                                    20 Bank Street, Canary Wharf                     4-20-3 Ebisu, Shibuya-ku                          1 Austin Road West 
New York, NY 10036-8293                          London E14 4AD                                   Tokyo 150-6008                                    Kowloon 
United States                                    United Kingdom                                   Japan                                             Hong Kong 
Tel: +1 (1) 212 761 4000                         Tel: +44 (0) 20 7 425 8000                       Tel: +81 (0) 3 5424 5000                          Tel: +852 2848 5200 

 

Industry Coverage:Retail, Softlines 

Company (Ticker)                                 Rating (as of)Price* (05/29/2012)

Kimberly C Greenberger 
ANN Inc. (ANN.N)                                                O (10/26/2010)                             $28.56
Abercrombie & Fitch Co. (ANF.N)               E (10/26/2010)                             $35.87
Aeropostale Inc (ARO.N)                                  U (10/26/2010)                             $19.47
American Eagle Outfitters, Inc.                 E (12/05/2011)                             $20.15
(AEO.N) 
Chico's FAS Inc. (CHS.N)                                E (10/26/2010)                               $15.4
Children's Place Retail Stores Inc.             E (10/26/2010)                             $47.59
(PLCE.O) 
Coach Inc (COH.N)                                              E (11/04/2011)                             $70.11
Express, Inc. (EXPR.N)                                    O (01/31/2011)                             $19.07
Gap Inc (GPS.N)                                                   E (10/26/2010)                               $27.7
Limited Brands Inc (LTD.N)                            O (10/26/2010)                             $47.28
Lululemon Athletica Inc. (LULU.O)             E (01/20/2010)                             $74.57
Michael Kors Holdings Ltd                       O (01/24/2012)                             $41.95
(KORS.N) 
Ross Stores Inc. (ROST.O)                             E (10/26/2010)                             $62.96
Skullcandy Inc (SKUL.O)                                 O (08/29/2011)                             $13.47
TJX Companies Inc. (TJX.N)                          E (10/26/2010)                               $41.6
Teavana Holdings, Inc. (TEA.N) E (09/06/2011)                             $16.81
Tiffany & Co. (TIF.N)                                           E (11/04/2011)                             $57.37
Urban Outfitters Inc. (URBN.O)                    O (07/07/2011)                             $28.72

Stock Ratings are subject to change. Please see latest research for each company. 
* Historical prices are not split adjusted. 
 

 
© 2012 Morgan Stanley 

                                                                                                                                                                                      54
