---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                              Flash Update |   1 
                                                                                                          4 May 2012 

 
 

                                                                                                                              

 The Chefs' Warehouse                                                      Scott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFA                          1.617.371.3759 
                                                                           svanwinkle@canaccordgenuity.com 
 CHEF : NASDAQ : US$24.05                                                  Mark SigalMark SigalMark SigalMark Sigal                                                  1.617.788.1591 
                                                                           msigal@canaccordgenuity.com 
 Buy  | US$24.00 Target                                                     
 
                                                                                                                                 

SOFTER Q1 AND TEMPERED GUIDANCE, MAINTAIN BUY AND 

$24 TARGET  

Investment recommendation 
We expect that CHEF will deliver an EPS growth CAGR of over 20% over the next few years and has considerable 
geographic growth and consolidation opportunities to enhance strong organic growth within its existing markets. 

Investment highlights 
•   CHEF reported Q1 results below consensus forecasts as volume softened later in the quarter and dairy 
    deflation tempered revenue growth. Guidance was moderated for F2012 to reflect the Q1 and a customer 
    loss, offset by the benefits of the acquisition of Praml in the Las Vegas market. 

•   EPS was $0.13 vs. consensus of $0.15 and revenue was $98.1M vs. consensus of $93.3M. On top of the softer 
    trends in March and dairy deflation challenges, Q1 is a seasonally soft quarter. 

•   While March tends softened, internal growth was 7% and would have been modestly higher if not for 
    deflationary pricing in dairy as the quarter progressed. 

•   Margins remained strong despite the softening with gross margin up 10 bp to 26.6% and about 50 basis 
    point of leverage was experienced. 

•   Recently acquired Praml appears to be more profitable than we expected as the implied EBITDA is in line 
    with our expectations while revenue is lower than our initial guess. 

•   Revenue guidance was increased to a range of $452M-$462M from $450M-$460M, but including the Praml 
    acquisition, the guidance range is down about $10M. EPS guidance is tempered by $0.02 to $0.91-$0.94 
    from $0.91-$0.96 previously. We will adjust our forecasts for the Q1 trends and acquisition after further 
    follow-up on the quarter and trends. 

Valuation 
Shares trade at 22x F2013E EPS and about 11x EBITDA forecast, in line with its specialty and natural peers, but 
the valuation will likely lead to a correction on the softer revenue trends experienced in March, which could be 
exacerbated by recent insider selling. We maintain our $24 target and expect a correction off of this level today. 

Canaccord GenuityCanaccord Canaccord Canaccord  Genuity is the global capital markets group of CanaGenuityGenuity  is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord Fccord Financial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM) inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)    
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this Investment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the Investment Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, 
independent and objective views about any and all tiiindependent and objective views about any and all thndependent and objective views about any and all thndependent and objective views about any and all thhe Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers disce Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers discue Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers discue Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers discuussed herein. For important ssed herein. For important ssed herein. For important ssed herein. For important 
iniiinfnnfofforoormrrmammataatittioiionoon,nn, ,, p  plpplelleaeeasaasesse ee s  sesseeeee ee t  thtthehhe ee I  ImIImpmmpopporoortrrtattanaantnnt tt D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerresees ss s  sesseceectcctittioiionoon nn i  iniin nn t  thtthehhe ee a  apaapppppeppeneendnndiddixiix xx o  ofoof ff t  thtthihhisiis ss d  doddocoocuccumuumemmeneentnnt tt o  oroor rr v  vivvisiisissitiit tt C  CaCCanaanannacaacccccoccoroordrrd dd G  GeGGeneenunnuiuuitiitytty’yy’s’’s ss   OnOOOnlnnlilliniinenne ee D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerre ee   
DaDDDataatattabaababbasaasesseee. ...   
                                                                                                                             49
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                                                      Flash Update |  2 
                                                                                                 4 May 2012 

                                                                                                                  
                               VALUATION 
                               Valuation is appropriate, in our view. Shares trade at 22x our 2012 EPS forecast 
                               and 11x our forecasted EBITDA. While the valuation represents a significant 
                               premium to the traditional food distribution peer group multiples generally in the 
                               low teens on forward earnings and 7-8x EBITDA, the valuation is at a slight 
                               discount to its best and only real comparable peer from a standpoint of growth, 
                               United Natural Foods (UNFI : NASDAQ : $50.30 | Buy). We view UNFI as the best 
                               comparison for CHEF given it also enjoys a naturally growing market, superior 
                               margins relative to most distributors (yet at 18% UNFI’s gross margins are 
                               inferior to CHEF at 26%) and is the leader in its segment as is CHEF. We continue 
                               to argue that CHEF should trade at a premium to its distribution peers (as UNFI 
                               does) given its vastly superior margins, growth outlook and higher returns on 
                               invested capital.  

                               We maintain our price target of $24.00, which reflects 11x our 2013 EBITDA 
                               forecast and 22x our 2013 EPS estimate, which is consistent with where CHEF 
                               currently trades prior to expected share price weakness today and reflect the 
                               premium valuations of the specialty food peer group. 

                                

                                                                                                                     
    

                                                                                                                 50
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                      Flash Update |  3 
                                                                  4 May 2012 

                                                                                   
Investment risks 
Key risks that may impede the achievement of our forecasts and/or price target 
include the following: 

•  A rise in commodity prices: While normally beneficial for food distributors, 
   excessive commodity costs, which have been volatile over the last several 
   years, could alter consumption behavior and lower consumer demand. Major 
   products sold that have had their inputs fluctuate greatly are dairy, wheat, 
   flour, and cooking oils. Additionally, rises in fuel costs could negatively impact 
   CHEF's operations. 

•  Economic sensitivity: Given CHEF's focus on higher end food service 
   establishments, the company is exposures to potential sales volatility as 
   consumer confidence and spending fluctuation. Recent concerns surrounding 
   incremental economic weakness have impacted the performance of the 
   shares. 

•  Competitive activity: Despite its favorable positioning in specialty foods, 
   competition in the food distribution industry is fierce and CHEF competes 
   with larger food companies with greater resources. Market leaders include 
   Sysco, U.S. Foodservices, Inc and United Natural Foods. 

•  Market concentration: CHEF operations are concentrated in six markets, 
   leaving the Company susceptible to economic downturns. As of the end of 
   2010, 66% of CHEF's total sales originated from the New York market.  

•  Acquisition and integration risk: CHEF has made several acquisitions over its 
   history and it remains a key growth initiative. The specialty foods distribution 
   industry is highly fragmented and the Company has indicated plans for future 
   acquisitions. Future acquisitions could strain management resources; result in 
   sales disruptions or loss of key personnel and the company may not achieve 
   expected cost reductions or distribution gains.  

•  Product recalls and/or food safety concerns: CHEF products are ingested and 
   any concern about food safety or quality can impair consumer confidence in 
   the brands sold through CHEF. The risk of adverse health impacts is always 
   present.  

•  Industry regulation: CHEF's line of business is highly regulated at the federal, 
   state and local levels, and its specialty food products and distribution 
   operations require various licenses, permits and approvals. Suppliers are also 
   subject to similar regulatory requirements and oversight. In addition, as a 
   distributor of specialty food products, CHEF is subject to increasing 
   governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food safety and the 
   sale, packaging and marketing of natural and organic products 

                                                                                   

                                                                                   51
---------------------Page 4---------------------

                                                       Flash Update |  4 
                                                                  4 May 2012 

                                                                                    
•  Weather: Adverse weather conditions can significantly impact CHEF's ability 
   to profitably and efficiently conduct its operations and, in severe cases, could 
   result in its trucks being unable to make deliveries or cause the temporary 
   closure or the destruction of one or more of its distribution centers. 

In addition, we strongly urge investors to review the complete set of risk factors 
that can be found in The Chefs' Warehouse's most recent regulatory filing. 

 
 

 

 
 

 
 

 

                                                                                    

                                                                                   52
---------------------Page 5---------------------

                                                                                                                    Flash Update |   5 
                                                                                                                                   4 May 2012 

                                                                                                                                                           
 
APPENDIX: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
Analyst Certification:         Each authoring analyst of Canaccord Genuity whose name appears on the front page of this investment 
                               research hereby certifies that (i) the recommendations and opinions expressed in this investment research 
                               accurately reflect the authoring analyst’s personal, independent and objective views about any and all of the 
                               designated investments or relevant issuers discussed herein that are within such authoring analyst’s coverage 
                               universe and (ii) no part of the authoring analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, 
                               related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the authoring analyst in the investment 
                               research. 
                                
Site Visit:                    An analyst has visited the issuer's material operations in Ridgefield, Connecticut. No payment or 
                               reimbursement was received from the issuer for the related travel costs. 
                                                                              
Price Chart:*   

                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                            
                                                                              
Distribution of Ratings:                             Coverage Universe Coverage UniverseCoverage UniverseCoverage Universe                      
Global Stock Ratings                                                                        IB Clients IB ClientsIB ClientsIB Clients    
(as of 2 April 2012)            Rating RatingRatingRating               # ###    % %%%         % %%%   
                                Buy                                                                    503      59.3%             31.0% 
                                Speculative Buy                                           91      10.7%             73.6% 
                                Hold                                                                  232      27.4%             18.5% 
                                Sell                                                                       22         2.6%                9.1% 
                                                                                                              848       100%       
                                   
Canaccord Genuity              BUY: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjusteBUY:BUY:BUY:d returns of over 10% during the next 12 months. 
Ratings System:                HOLD: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjustHOLD:HOLD:HOLD:ed returns of 0-10% during the next 12 months. 
                               SELL: The stock is expected to generate negative riSELL:SELL:SELL:sk-adjusted returns during the next 12 months. 
                               NOT RATED: Canaccord Genuity does not provide reseaNOT RATED:NOT RATED:NOT RATED:rch coverage of the relevant issuer. 
                                
                               “Risk-adjusted return” refers to the expected return in relation to the amount of risk associated with the 
                               designated investment or the relevant issuer.    
                                   
Risk Qualifier:                SPECULATIVE: Stocks bear significantly higher risk SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:that typically cannot be valued by normal fundamental 
                               criteria. Investments in the stock may result in material loss.    
                                

                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                          53
---------------------Page 6---------------------

                                                                                                            Flash Update |   6 
                                                                                                                          4 May 2012 

                                                                                                                                                
Canaccord Genuity Research Disclosures as of 4 May 2012         
                             Company CompanyCompanyCompany                            Disclosure DisclosureDisclosureDisclosure    
                             The Chefs' Warehouse The Chefs' WarehouseThe Chefs' WarehouseThe Chefs' Warehouse                                                                       1A, 2, 3, 5, 7  1A, 2, 3, 5, 7 1A, 2, 3, 5, 71A, 2, 3, 5, 7    
                                                                        
                        1   The relevant issuer currently is, or in the past 12 months was, a client of Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated 
                            companies. During this period, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies provided the following services 
                            to the relevant issuer: 
                             A.  investment banking services. 
                             B.  non-investment banking securities-related services. 
                             C.  non-securities related services. 
                        2    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies have received compensation for 
                             Corporate Finance/Investment Banking services from the relevant issuer. 
                        3    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies have been lead manager, co-lead 
                             manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities of the relevant issuer or any publicly disclosed offer 
                             of securities of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives. 
                        4    Canaccord Genuity acts as corporate broker for the relevant issuer and/or Canaccord Genuity or any of its 
                             affiliated companies may have an agreement with the relevant issuer relating to the provision of Corporate 
                             Finance/Investment Banking services.  
                        5    Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies is a market maker or liquidity provider in the securities 
                             of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives.  
                        6    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity, its partners, affiliated companies, officers or directors, or any 
                             authoring analyst involved in the preparation of this investment research has provided services to the 
                             relevant issuer for remuneration, other than normal course investment advisory or trade execution services. 
                        7    Canaccord Genuity intends to seek or expects to receive compensation for Corporate Finance/Investment 
                             Banking services from the relevant issuer in the next six months. 
                        8    The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a long position in the shares or derivatives, or has any other 
                             financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying equity 
                             increases. 
                        9    The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a short position in the shares or derivatives, or has any 
                             other financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying 
                             equity decreases. 
                       10    Those persons identified as the author(s) of this investment research, or any individual involved in the 
                             preparation of this investment research, have purchased/received shares in the relevant issuer prior to a 
                             public offering of those shares, and such person’s name and details are disclosed above.  
                       11    A partner, director, officer, employee or agent of Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies, or a 
                             member of his/her household, is an officer, or director, or serves as an advisor or board member of the 
                             relevant issuer and/or one of its subsidiaries, and such person’s name is disclosed above. 
                       12    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliate 
                             companies, in the aggregate, beneficially owned 1% or more of any class of the total issued share capital or 
                             other common equity securities of the relevant issuer or held any other financial interests in the relevant 
                             issuer which are significant in relation to the investment research (as disclosed above). 
                       13    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, the relevant issuer owned 1% or more of 
                             any class of the total issued share capital in Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies.  
                       14    Other specific disclosures as described above. 
                              
                             Canaccord Genuity is the business name used by certain subsidiaries of Canaccord Financial Inc., including 
                             Canaccord Genuity Inc., Canaccord Genuity Limited, Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC, and Canaccord 
                             Genuity Corp.  
                             The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research are employed by 
                             Canaccord Genuity Corp. a Canadian broker-dealer with principal offices located in Vancouver, Calgary, 
                             Toronto, Montreal, or Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US broker-dealer with principal offices located in Boston, 
                             New York, San Francisco and Houston or Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC, a US broker-dealer with 
                             principal offices located in New York or Canaccord Genuity Limited., a UK broker-dealer with principal 
                             offices located in London and Edinburgh (UK). 
                             In the event that this is compendium investment research (covering six or more relevant issuers), Canaccord 
                             Genuity and its affiliated companies may choose to provide specific disclosures of the subject companies by 

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                               54
---------------------Page 7---------------------

                                                                                                          Flash Update |   7 
                                                                                                                         4 May 2012 

                                                                                                                                              
                            reference, as well as its policies and procedures regarding the dissemination of investment research. To 
                            access this material or for more information, please send a request to Canaccord Genuity Research, Attn: 
                            Disclosures, P.O. Box 10337 Pacific Centre, 2200-609 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7Y 1H2 or 
                            disclosures@canaccordgenuity.com. 
                            The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research have received (or 
                            will receive) compensation based upon (among other factors) the Corporate Finance/Investment Banking 
                            revenues and general profits of Canaccord Genuity. However, such authoring analysts have not received, and 
                            will not receive, compensation that is directly based upon or linked to one or more specific Corporate 
                            Finance/Investment Banking activities, or to recommendations contained in the investment research. 
                            Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies may have a Corporate Finance/Investment Banking or other 
                            relationship with the company that is the subject of this investment research and may trade in any of the 
                            designated investments mentioned herein either for their own account or the accounts of their customers, in 
                            good faith or in the normal course of market making. Accordingly, Canaccord Genuity or their affiliated 
                            companies, principals or employees (other than the authoring analyst(s) who prepared this investment 
                            research) may at any time have a long or short position in any such designated investments, related 
                            designated investments or in options, futures or other derivative instruments based thereon.  
                            Some regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing 
                            conflicts of interest arising as a result of publication or distribution of investment research. This investment 
                            research has been prepared in accordance with Canaccord Genuity’s policy on managing conflicts of interest, 
                            and information barriers or firewalls have been used where appropriate. Canaccord Genuity’s policy is 
                            available upon request.  
                            The information contained in this investment research has been compiled by Canaccord Genuity from sources 
                            believed to be reliable, but (with the exception of the information about Canaccord Genuity) no representation 
                            or warranty, express or implied, is made by Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            as to its fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness. Canaccord Genuity has not independently verified 
                            the facts, assumptions, and estimates contained herein. All estimates, opinions and other information 
                            contained in this investment research constitute Canaccord Genuity’s judgement as of the date of this 
                            investment research, are subject to change without notice and are provided in good faith but without legal 
                            responsibility or liability. 
                            Canaccord Genuity’s salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market 
                            commentary or trading strategies to our clients and our proprietary trading desk that reflect opinions that are 
                            contrary to the opinions expressed in this investment research. Canaccord Genuity’s affiliates, principal 
                            trading desk, and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
                            recommendations or views expressed in this investment research. 
                            This investment research is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or 
                            solicitation to buy or sell any designated investments discussed herein in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
                            solicitation would be prohibited. As a result, the designated investments discussed in this investment 
                            research may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This investment research is not, and under no 
                            circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as a securities broker or dealer in any jurisdiction 
                            by any person or company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or 
                            dealer in that jurisdiction. This material is prepared for general circulation to clients and does not have 
                            regard to the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors 
                            should obtain advice based on their own individual circumstances before making an investment decision. To 
                            the fullest extent permitted by law, none of Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from or relating to any use of the 
                            information contained in this investment research. 
                             
For Canadian Residents:     This Investment Research has been approved by Canaccord Genuity Corp., which accepts sole responsibility 
                            for this Investment Research and its dissemination in Canada. Canadian clients wishing to effect transactions 
                            in any Designated Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity 
                            Corp. in their particular jurisdiction. 
                             
For United States           Canaccord Genuity Inc. and Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC, US registered broker-dealers, accept 
Residents:                  responsibility for this Investment Research and its dissemination in the United States. This Investment 
                            Research is intended for distribution in the United States only to certain US institutional investors. US clients 
                            wishing to effect transactions in any Designated Investment discussed should do so through a qualified 
                            salesperson of Canaccord Genuity Inc. or Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC. Analyst(s) preparing this report 
                            that are not employed by Canaccord Genuity Inc. or Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC are resident outside 
                            the United States and are not associated persons or employees of any US regulated broker-dealer. Such 
                            analyst(s) may not be subject to Rule 2711 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public 
                            appearances and trading securities held by a research analyst account. 
                                
For United Kingdom and      This investment research is distributed in the United Kingdom and elsewhere Europe, as third party research 
European Residents:         by Canaccord Genuity Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. This 

                                                                                                                                              

                                                                                                                                             55
---------------------Page 8---------------------

                                                                                                          Flash Update |   8 
                                                                                                                         4 May 2012 

                                                                                                                                              
                            research is for distribution only to  persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients only and 
                            is exempt from the general restrictions in section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 on the 
                            communication of invitations or inducements to engage in investment activity on the grounds that it is being 
                            distributed in the United Kingdom only to persons of a kind described in Article 19(5) (Investment 
                            Professionals) and 49(2) (High Net Worth companies, unincorporated associations etc) of the Financial 
                            Services and Markets Act 2000 (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended). It is not intended to be 
                            distributed or passed on, directly or indirectly, to any other class of persons. This material is not for 
                            distribution in the United Kingdom or elsewhere in Europe to retail clients, as defined under the rules of the 
                            Financial Services Authority.  
                                
For Jersey, Guernsey        This research is sent to you by Collins Stewart (CI) Limited ("CSCI") for information purposes and is not to be 
and Isle of Man:            construed  as  a  solicitation  or  an  offer  to  purchase  or  sell  investments  or  related  financial  instruments. 
                            This research has been produced by a group company for circulation to its institutional clients and also CSCI. 
                            Its contents have been approved by CSCI and we are providing it to you on the basis that we believe it to be of 
                            interest to you. This statement should be read in conjunction with your client agreement, CSCI's current 
                            terms of business and the other disclosures and disclaimers contained within this research. If you are in any 
                            doubt, you should consult your financial adviser. 
                            CSCI is licensed and regulated by the Guernsey Financial Services Commission, the Jersey Financial Services 
                            Commission and the Isle of Man Financial Supervision Commission. CSCI is registered in Guernsey and is a 
                            wholly owned subsidiary of Canaccord Financial Inc. 
                                
                            Additional information is available on request. Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Corp. 2012. – Member IIROC/Canadian Investor Protection Fund 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Limited 2012. – Member LSE, authorized and regulated by the Financial 
                            Services Authority. 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Inc. 2012. – Member FINRA/SIPC 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC 2012. – Member FINRA/SIPC 
                            All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under 
                            copyright to Canaccord Genuity Corp., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Inc. and 
                            Canaccord Genuity Securities LLC. None of the material, nor its content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in 
                            any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any other party, without the prior express written permission of 
                            the entities listed above.    
                                                                       
                                                                       
   

                                                                                                                                              

                                                                                                                                              56
