---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                                                                                                           Company Update

                                                                                                                                                                                           USA | Consumer | Retailing/Food & Drug Chains                  June 20, 2012

                                                                                                                                                                                    The Chefs' Warehouse                                       (CHEF)                                                      BUY
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    Price target $25.00
                                                                                                                                                                                    Jefferies 2012 Global Consumer Conference                                                                               Price $18.18

                                                                                                                                                                                    Takeaways

                                                                                                                                                                                    Key Takeaway

EQUITY RESEARCH AMERICAS                                                                                                                                                            Christopher Pappas, Chairman and CEO of Chefs’ Warehouse, presented at the
                                                                                                                                                                                    Jefferies Global Consumer Conference.

                                                                                                                                                                                    CHEF’s growing competitive advantage looks to be increasing as the company
                                                                                                                                                                                    deploys technology. Indeed, the company’s systems both on the sales-side of the business
                                                                                                                                                                                    as well as those such as the warehouse management system, pick-to-voice, and other
                                                                                                                                                                                    logistics technology are driving increased efficiencies and allowing the company to be more
                                                                                                                                                                                    flexible, distancing Chefs’ Warehouse from other of its “mom and pop” competitors which
                                                                                                                                                                                    don’t have similar capabilities. Mr. Pappas noted the success the company had using its
                                                                                                                                                                                    technological advantage to pressure competitors when it entered the San Francisco market,
                                                                                                                                                                                    something he hopes will be repeated.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Differentiated  sales  force  creates  additional  advantages.  The  company’s  sales
                                                                                                                                                                                    force, more than 50% of which have experience in the culinary industry, are also a significant
                                                                                                                                                                                    advantage. In fact, the company indicated that its high-touch service model provides a
                                                                                                                                                                                    meaningful competitive advantage over larger broadline distributors. The company revels in
                                                                                                                                                                                    doing the hard things, such as finding a very specialized product on short notice, that larger,
                                                                                                                                                                                    less flexible companies simply have a difficult time doing. We believe this high service model
                                                                                                                                                                                    in concert with its technology creates a recipe for lasting partnerships with its customers.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Growth opportunities coming from a number of different fronts. Mr. Pappas
                                                                                                                                                                                    suggested that Chefs’ Warehouse has significant opportunity to consolidate its fragmented
                                                                                                                                                                                    industry over time through a combination of increased customer penetration, on-boarding
                                                                                                                                                                                    of additional unique customers, and the potential for 2-4 accretive tuck-in acquisitions per
                                                                                                                                                                                    year. Indeed, along with continued growth outside of the company’s current geographies,
                                                                                                                                                                                    we also expect Chefs’ Warehouse to enter into adjacent product categories over time,
                                                                                                                                                                                    something which should enhance the company’s ability to sell more to existing customers
                                                                                                                                                                                    as well as win new business.

                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Scott A. Mushkin *
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Equity Analyst
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         (212) 708-2628 smushkin@jefferies.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Thilo Wrede *
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            Equity Analyst
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           (212) 284-2473 twrede@Jefferies.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           Mike Otway *
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Equity Associate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          (212) 323-3954 motway@jefferies.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       Brian Cullinane *
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Equity Associate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (212) 323-3393 bcullinane@Jefferies.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                      Margot Schacter *
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          Equity Associate
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                        (646) 805-5407 mschacter@jefferies.com
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 * Jefferies & Company, Inc.

                                                                                                                                                                                    Jefferies does and seeks to do business with companies covered in its research reports. As a result, investors should be aware that Jefferies may have a conflict
                                                                                                                                                                                    of interest that could affect the objectivity of this report. Investors should consider this report as only a single factor in making their investment decision.
                                                                                                                                                                                    Please see analyst certifications, important disclosure information, and information regarding the status of non-US analysts on pages 2 to 5 of this report.
                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                         17
---------------------Page 2---------------------

     CHEF

     Company Update

     June 20, 2012

Company Description

The Chefs' Warehouse, Inc. is one of the largest specialty food distributors in the U.S., largely serving upscale independent menu restaurants,
fine hotels and clubs.

Analyst Certification
I, Scott A. Mushkin, certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject security(ies) and
subject company(ies). I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations
or views expressed in this research report.
I, Thilo Wrede, certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject security(ies) and
subject company(ies). I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations
or views expressed in this research report.
I, Mike Otway, certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject security(ies) and
subject company(ies). I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations
or views expressed in this research report.
I, Brian Cullinane, certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject security(ies) and
subject company(ies). I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations
or views expressed in this research report.
I, Margot Schacter, certify that all of the views expressed in this research report accurately reflect my personal views about the subject security(ies) and
subject company(ies). I also certify that no part of my compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, related to the specific recommendations
or views expressed in this research report.
As is the case with all Jefferies employees, the analyst(s) responsible for the coverage of the financial instruments discussed in this report receives
compensation based in part on the overall performance of the firm, including investment banking income. We seek to update our research as
appropriate, but various regulations may prevent us from doing so. Aside from certain industry reports published on a periodic basis, the large majority
of reports are published at irregular intervals as appropriate in the analyst's judgement.
Jefferies Group, Inc. makes a market in the securities or ADRs of The Chefs' Warehouse, Inc..
Jefferies Group, Inc., its affiliates or subsidiaries has acted as a manager or co-manager in the underwriting or placement of securities for The Chefs'
Warehouse, Inc. or one of its affiliates within the past twelve months.

Meanings of Jefferies Ratings
Buy - Describes stocks that we expect to provide a total return (price appreciation plus yield) of 15% or more within a 12-month period.
Hold - Describes stocks that we expect to provide a total return (price appreciation plus yield) of plus 15% or minus 10% within a 12-month period.
Underperform - Describes stocks that we expect to provide a total negative return (price appreciation plus yield) of 10% or more within a 12-month
period.
The expected total return (price appreciation plus yield) for Buy rated stocks with an average stock price consistently below $10 is 20% or more within
a 12-month period as these companies are typically more volatile than the overall stock market. For Hold rated stocks with an average stock price
consistently below $10, the expected total return (price appreciation plus yield) is plus or minus 20% within a 12-month period. For Underperform
rated stocks with an average stock price consistently below $10, the expected total return (price appreciation plus yield) is minus 20% within a 12-
month period.
NR - The investment rating and price target have been temporarily suspended. Such suspensions are in compliance with applicable regulations and/
or Jefferies policies.
CS - Coverage Suspended. Jefferies has suspended coverage of this company.
NC - Not covered. Jefferies does not cover this company.
Restricted - Describes issuers where, in conjunction with Jefferies engagement in certain transactions, company policy or applicable securities
regulations prohibit certain types of communications, including investment recommendations.
Monitor - Describes stocks whose company fundamentals and financials are being monitored, and for which no financial projections or opinions on
the investment merits of the company are provided.

Valuation Methodology
Jefferies' methodology for assigning ratings may include the following: market capitalization, maturity, growth/value, volatility and expected total
return over the next 12 months. The price targets are based on several methodologies, which may include, but are not restricted to, analyses of market
risk, growth rate, revenue stream, discounted cash flow (DCF), EBITDA, EPS, cash flow (CF), free cash flow (FCF), EV/EBITDA, P/E, PE/growth, P/CF,
P/FCF, premium (discount)/average group EV/EBITDA, premium (discount)/average group P/E, sum of the parts, net asset value, dividend returns,
and return on equity (ROE) over the next 12 months.

Conviction List Methodology
      1. The aim of the conviction list is to publicise the best individual stocks ideas from the Jefferies Global Research.

page 2 of 5                                                                      Scott A. Mushkin, Equity Analyst, (212) 708-2628, smushkin@jefferies.com

Please see important disclosure information on pages 2 - 5 of this report.
                                                                                                                                                   18
---------------------Page 3---------------------

     CHEF

     Company Update

     June 20, 2012

      2. Only stocks with a Buy rating are allowed to be included in the recommended list.
      3. Stocks are screened for minimum market capitalisation and adequate daily turnover. Furthermore, a valuation, correlation and style screen
         is used to ensure a well-diversified portfolio.
      4. Stocks are sorted to a maximum of 30 stocks with the maximum country exposure at around 50%. Limits are also imposed on a sector basis.
      5. Once a month, analysts are invited to recommend their best ideas. Analysts’ stock selection can be based on one or more of the following:
         non-Consensus investment view, difference in earnings relative to Consensus, valuation methodology, target upside/downside % relative
         to the current stock price. These are then assessed against existing holdings to ensure consistency. Stocks that have either reached their
         target price, been downgraded over the course of the month or where a more suitable candidate has been found are removed.
      6. All stocks are inserted at the last closing price and removed at the last closing price. There are no changes to the conviction list during
         the month.
      7. Performance is calculated in US dollars on an equally weighted basis and is compared to MSCI World AC US$.
      8. The conviction list is published once a month whilst global equity markets are closed.
      9. Transaction fees are not included.
     10. All corporate actions are taken into account.

Risk which may impede the achievement of our Price Target
This report was prepared for general circulation and does not provide investment recommendations specific to individual investors. As such, the
financial instruments discussed in this report may not be suitable for all investors and investors must make their own investment decisions based
upon their specific investment objectives and financial situation utilizing their own financial advisors as they deem necessary. Past performance of
the financial instruments recommended in this report should not be taken as an indication or guarantee of future results. The price, value of, and
income from, any of the financial instruments mentioned in this report can rise as well as fall and may be affected by changes in economic, financial
and political factors. If a financial instrument is denominated in a currency other than the investor's home currency, a change in exchange rates may
adversely affect the price of, value of, or income derived from the financial instrument described in this report. In addition, investors in securities such
as ADRs, whose values are affected by the currency of the underlying security, effectively assume currency risk.

Distribution of Ratings

                                                                                                 IB Serv./Past 12 Mos.
                      Rating                                     Count            Percent          Count        Percent
 BUY                                                             815              52.82%              121        14.85%
 HOLD                                                           633               41.02%               70        11.06%
 UNDERPERFORM                                               95                      6.16%               1         1.05%

Other Important Disclosures

page 3 of 5                                                                   Scott A. Mushkin, Equity Analyst, (212) 708-2628, smushkin@jefferies.com

Please see important disclosure information on pages 2 - 5 of this report.
                                                                                                                                             19
---------------------Page 4---------------------

     CHEF

     Company Update

     June 20, 2012

Jefferies Equity Research refers to research reports produced by analysts employed by one of the following Jefferies Group, Inc. (“Jefferies”) group
companies:

United States: Jefferies & Company, Inc., which is an SEC registered firm and a member of FINRA.

United Kingdom: Jefferies International Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority; registered in England and
Wales No. 1978621; registered office: Vintners Place, 68 Upper Thames Street, London EC4V 3BJ; telephone +44 (0)20 7029 8000; facsimile +44 (0)20
7029 8010.

Hong Kong: Jefferies Hong Kong Limited, which is licensed by the Securities and Futures Commission of Hong Kong with CE number ATS546; located
at Suite 2201, 22nd Floor, Cheung Kong Center, 2 Queen’s Road Central, Hong Kong.

Singapore: Jefferies Singapore Limited, which is licensed by the Monetary Authority of Singapore; located at 80 Raffles Place #15-20, UOB Plaza 2,
Singapore 048624, telephone: +65 6551 3950.

Japan: Jefferies (Japan) Limited, Tokyo Branch, which is a securities company registered by the Financial Services Agency of Japan and is a member
of the Japan Securities Dealers Association; located at Hibiya Marine Bldg, 3F, 1-5-1 Yuraku-cho, Chiyoda-ku, Tokyo 100-0006; telephone +813 5251
6100; facsimile +813 5251 6101.

India: Jefferies India Private Limited, which is licensed by the Securities and Exchange Board of India as a Merchant Banker (INM000011443) and a Stock
Broker with Bombay Stock Exchange Limited (INB011438539) and National Stock Exchange of India Limited (INB231438533) in the Capital Market
Segment; located at 42/43, 2 North Avenue, Maker Maxity, Bandra-Kurla Complex, Bandra (East) Mumbai 400 051, India; Tel +91 22 4356 6000.

This material has been prepared by Jefferies employing appropriate expertise, and in the belief that it is fair and not misleading. The information set
forth herein was obtained from sources believed to be reliable, but has not been independently verified by Jefferies. Therefore, except for any obligation
under applicable rules we do not guarantee its accuracy. Additional and supporting information is available upon request. Unless prohibited by the
provisions of Regulation S of the U.S. Securities Act of 1933, this material is distributed in the United States ("US"), by Jefferies & Company, Inc.,
a US-registered broker-dealer, which accepts responsibility for its contents in accordance with the provisions of Rule 15a-6, under the US Securities
Exchange Act of 1934. Transactions by or on behalf of any US person may only be effected through Jefferies & Company, Inc. In the United Kingdom
and European Economic Area this report is issued and/or approved for distribution by Jefferies International Limited and is intended for use only
by persons who have, or have been assessed as having, suitable professional experience and expertise, or by persons to whom it can be otherwise
lawfully distributed. Jefferies International Limited has adopted a conflicts management policy in connection with the preparation and publication
of research, the details of which are available upon request in writing to the Compliance Officer. Jefferies International Limited may allow its analysts
to undertake private consultancy work. Jefferies International Limited’s conflicts management policy sets out the arrangements Jefferies International
Limited employs to manage any potential conflicts of interest that may arise as a result of such consultancy work. For Canadian investors, this material
is intended for use only by professional or institutional investors. None of the investments or investment services mentioned or described herein is
available to other persons or to anyone in Canada who is not a "Designated Institution" as defined by the Securities Act (Ontario). For investors in
the Republic of Singapore, this material is provided by Jefferies Singapore Limited pursuant to Regulation 32C of the Financial Advisers Regulations.
The material contained in this document is intended solely for accredited, expert or institutional investors, as defined under the Securities and Futures
Act (Cap. 289 of Singapore). If there are any matters arising from, or in connection with this material, please contact Jefferies Singapore Limited. In
Japan this material is issued and distributed by Jefferies (Japan) Limited to institutional investors only. In Hong Kong, this report is issued and approved
by Jefferies Hong Kong Limited and is intended for use only by professional investors as defined in the Hong Kong Securities and Futures Ordinance
and its subsidiary legislation. In the Republic of China (Taiwan), this report should not be distributed. In India this report is made available by Jefferies
India Private Limited. In Australia this information is issued solely by Jefferies International Limited and is directed solely at wholesale clients within
the meaning of the Corporations Act 2001 of Australia (the "Act") in connection with their consideration of any investment or investment service
that is the subject of this document. Any offer or issue that is the subject of this document does not require, and this document is not, a disclosure
document or product disclosure statement within the meaning of the Act. Jefferies International Limited is authorised and regulated by the Financial
Services Authority under the laws of the United Kingdom, which differ from Australian laws. Jefferies International Limited has obtained relief under
Australian Securities and Investments Commission Class Order 03/1099, which conditionally exempts it from holding an Australian financial services
licence under the Act in respect of the provision of certain financial services to wholesale clients. Recipients of this document in any other jurisdictions
should inform themselves about and observe any applicable legal requirements in relation to the receipt of this document.

This report is not an offer or solicitation of an offer to buy or sell any security or derivative instrument, or to make any investment. Any opinion or
estimate constitutes the preparer's best judgment as of the date of preparation, and is subject to change without notice. Jefferies assumes no obligation
to maintain or update this report based on subsequent information and events. Jefferies, its associates or affiliates, and its respective officers, directors,
and employees may have long or short positions in, or may buy or sell any of the securities, derivative instruments or other investments mentioned or
described herein, either as agent or as principal for their own account. Upon request Jefferies may provide specialized research products or services
to certain customers focusing on the prospects for individual covered stocks as compared to other covered stocks over varying time horizons or
under differing market conditions. While the views expressed in these situations may not always be directionally consistent with the long-term views
expressed in the analyst's published research, the analyst has a reasonable basis and any inconsistencies can be reasonably explained. This material
does not constitute a personal recommendation or take into account the particular investment objectives, financial situations, or needs of individual
clients. Clients should consider whether any advice or recommendation in this report is suitable for their particular circumstances and, if appropriate,
seek professional advice, including tax advice. The price and value of the investments referred to herein and the income from them may fluctuate. Past
performance is not a guide to future performance, future returns are not guaranteed, and a loss of original capital may occur. Fluctuations in exchange
rates could have adverse effects on the value or price of, or income derived from, certain investments. This report has been prepared independently of
any issuer of securities mentioned herein and not in connection with any proposed offering of securities or as agent of any issuer of securities. None
of Jefferies, any of its affiliates or its research analysts has any authority whatsoever to make any representations or warranty on behalf of the issuer(s).
Jefferies policy prohibits research personnel from disclosing a recommendation, investment rating, or investment thesis for review by an issuer prior
to the publication of a research report containing such rating, recommendation or investment thesis. Any comments or statements made herein are
those of the author(s) and may differ from the views of Jefferies.
page 4 of 5                                                                       Scott A. Mushkin, Equity Analyst, (212) 708-2628, smushkin@jefferies.com

Please see important disclosure information on pages 2 - 5 of this report.
                                                                                                                                                     20
---------------------Page 5---------------------

     CHEF

     Company Update

     June 20, 2012

This report may contain information obtained from third parties, including ratings from credit ratings agencies such as Standard & Poor’s. Reproduction
and distribution of third party content in any form is prohibited except with the prior written permission of the related third party. Third party content
providers do not guarantee the accuracy, completeness, timeliness or availability of any information, including ratings, and are not responsible for
any errors or omissions (negligent or otherwise), regardless of the cause, or for the results obtained from the use of such content. Third party content
providers give no express or implied warranties, including, but not limited to, any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose or
use. Third party content providers shall not be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental, exemplary, compensatory, punitive, special or consequential
damages, costs, expenses, legal fees, or losses (including lost income or profits and opportunity costs) in connection with any use of their content,
including ratings. Credit ratings are statements of opinions and are not statements of fact or recommendations to purchase, hold or sell securities. They
do not address the suitability of securities or the suitability of securities for investment purposes, and should not be relied on as investment advice.

Jefferies  research  reports  are  disseminated  and  available  primarily  electronically,  and,  in  some  cases,  in  printed  form.  Electronic  research  is
simultaneously available to all clients. This report or any portion hereof may not be reprinted, sold or redistributed without the written consent of
Jefferies. Neither Jefferies nor any officer nor employee of Jefferies accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct, indirect or consequential damages
or losses arising from any use of this report or its contents.

For Important Disclosure information, please visit our website at https://javatar.bluematrix.com/sellside/Disclosures.action or call 1.888.JEFFERIES

© 2012 Jefferies Group, Inc.

page 5 of 5                                                                        Scott A. Mushkin, Equity Analyst, (212) 708-2628, smushkin@jefferies.com

Please see important disclosure information on pages 2 - 5 of this report.
                                                                                                                                                        21
