---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                            Daily Letter |   1 
                                                                                                                7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                           
 
 
 

The Chefs' Warehouse 

                                                                                   Scott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFA                          1.617.371.3759 
                                                                       BUY         svanwinkle@canaccordgenuity.com 
CHEF : NASDAQ : US$12.98 
                                                    Target: US$18.00               Chris MandevilleChris MandevilleChris MandevilleChris Mandeville                                     1.617.371.3728 
                                                                                   cmandeville@canaccordgenuity.com 
                                                                                                                                               

COMPANY STATISTICS: 
                                                          Consumer Products -- Health, Wellness and Lifestyle 
Market Cap (M):                                                                 US$270.4 
52-week Range:                                                           12.98 - 18.5 
                                                          SERVING UP GOURMET GROWTH 
EV/EBITDA:                                      9.6 
 
EARNINGS SUMMARY:                                         OPPORTUNITIES WITH A SIDE OF 
FYE Dec FYE DecFYE DecFYE Dec    2010A2010A2010A2010A      2011E2011E2011E2011E      2012E2012E2012E2012E      2013E2013E2013E2013E     
P/Sales:               0.8     0.7     0.6     0.6        SUPERIOR MARGINS; INITIATING 
P/E:                  23.6    16.9    13.6    12.0  
                                                          COVERAGE WITH BUY RATING AND 
Revenue (M): Revenue (M):Revenue (M):Revenue (M):      Q1 70.0   83.2A  - - 
              Q2      83.6   99.3A       -       -        $18 PRICE TARGET  
              Q3      84.9    99.7       -       - 
              Q4      91.6   106.7       -       - 
                                                          Investment recommendation 
Total                330.1   388.9   437.1   474.3  
EPS: EPS:EPS:EPS:    Q1 0.07   0.12A     -       -        Initiating coverage with a BUY rating and an $18 price target. We expect 
              Q2      0.15   0.20A       -       -        that CHEF will deliver an EPS growth CAGR of over 20% over the next 
              Q3      0.17    0.20       -       - 
                                                          few years and has considerable geographic growth opportunities to 
              Q4      0.17    0.24       -       - 
Total                 0.55    0.77    0.95    1.08        deliver years of growth well above the specialty food sector overall. 
 
SHARE PRICE PERFORMANCE:  
                                                          Investment highlights 
                                                          •   CHEF is a quality operator with significant competitive advantages 
                                                               given a broader and deeper product offering and has proven its 
                                                               ability to dominate in its existing markets with considerable 
                                                               geographical growth opportunity ahead. 

                                                          •   The business model yields higher margins and ROIC vs. other food 
                                                               distributors and should deliver operating leverage and double-digit 
                                                               revenue growth. 
                                          
Source: Interactive Data Corporation                      •   A highly fragmented specialty food distribution industry offers 
                                                               ample consolidation opportunities, and we believe acquisitions 
COMPANY DESCRIPTION: 
The Chefs' Warehouse was founded in 1985 and is a              should deliver incremental growth and facilitate new market 
premier distributor of specialty food products with a focus    entries. 
on serving the specific needs of chefs who own and/or 
operate some of the nation's leading menu-driven 
independent restaurants, fine dining establishments,      Valuation 
country clubs, hotels, caterers, culinary schools and     We view valuation as attractive and believe shares deserve a premium 
specialty food stores in the United States. 
                                                          valuation relative to the food distribution sector. 
All amounts in US$ unless otherwise noted.  
 

Canaccord GenuityCanaccord Canaccord Canaccord  Genuity is the global capital markets group of CanaGenuityGenuity  is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord  is the global capital markets group of Canaccord ccord  Financial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM) Financial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)Financial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)    
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this Investment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the Investment Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, 
independent and objective views about any and all tindependent and objective views about any and all tindependent and objective views about any and all tindependent and objective views about any and all the Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers dische Designated Investments and Relevant Isshe Designated Investments and Relevant Isshe Designated Investments and Relevant Iss uers discussed herein. For important uers discussed herein. For important uers discussed herein. For important ussed herein. For important 
iniiinfnnfofforoormrrmammataatittioiionoon,nn, ,, p  plpplelleaeeasaasesse ee s  sesseeeee ee t  thtthehhe ee I  ImIImpmmpopporoortrrtattanaantnnt tt D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerresees ss s  sesseceectcctittioiionoon nn i  iniin nn t  thtthehhe ee a  apaapppppeppeneendnndiddixiix xx o  ofoof ff t  thtthihhisiis ss d  doddocoocuccumuumemmeneentnnt tt o  oroor rr v  vivvisiisissitiit tt C  CaCCanaanannacaacccccoccoroordrrd dd G  GeGGeneenunnuiuuitiitytty’yy’s’’s ss   OnOOOnlnnlilliniinenne ee D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerre ee   
DaDDDataatattabaababbasaasesseee. ...   
                                                                                                                                           275
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                               Daily Letter |   2 
                                                                  7 September 2011 

                                                                                           
INVESTMENT HIGHLIGHTS  

•   Initiating coverage of The Chefs’ Warehouse with a BUY rating and an $18.00 price 
    target, reflecting a premium to the broader food distribution group but a discount to 
    the specialty food peer group.  

•   Establishing F2011 revenue and pro forma EPS estimates of $389 million and $0.77, 
    respectively. For F2012 we forecast revenue and EPS of $437 million and $0.95 per 
    share, respectively. For F2013 we forecast revenue and EPS of $474 million and $1.08 
    per share. 

•   We view The Chefs’ Warehouse as an excellent play on the growth of specialty foods 
    through food service locations that should deliver favorable internal earnings growth 
    and a considerable opportunity to expand geographically through acquisition given an 
    inherently fragmented sector due to the focus on specialty foods and ingredients. 

•   CHEF is as a well managed, high quality growth company that has considerable 
    competitive advantages. The opportunity at The Chefs’ Warehouse, in our opinion, is 
    the focus on product catalogue expansion in the specialty food distribution category, 
    executing strategic acquisitions within a highly fragmented industry to obtain greater 
    scale in both existing and new markets, and leveraging a technology and management 
    infrastructure that already has the capacity to support considerable growth. 

•   We believe the food distribution industry will continue to benefit from strong 
    underlying trends, including an increased focus on the quality of foods we ingest, along 
    with healthier eating trends that feed into Chef’s product catalogue, such as natural 
    and/or organic inputs.  

•   An increasingly bleak economic outlook will likely weigh on all economically sensitive 
    companies. However, we believe CHEF’s customers are focused on the appropriate 
    demographic and as such should be somewhat more resilient. We would view any 
    pressure on white tablecloth dining establishments as an opportunity for CHEF to 
    expand its franchise through market share gains and acquisitions. We believe 
    franchise value won’t be impacted by any risk of a consumer spending dip in the long 
    run.  

•   The specialty foods categories offer superior growth to conventional foods, with 
    growth rates approaching the high single digits when natural and hormone-free 
    ingredients are included in the mix. The drivers are numerous, including the aging of 
    the population and an expanding American palate fed by everything from rising 
    international travel over the years and even the exploding popularity of television 
    shows focused on gourmet cooking that have created blockbusters such as Top Chef, 
    Hell’s Kitchen, and Iron Chef, just to name a few. More than any time in history, 
    Americans are attracted to specialty and gourmet foods and top chefs have become 
    pop icons. It isn’t just the Food Network anymore and it isn’t just steak and potatoes 
    anymore either. 

•   The valuation is highly attractive, in our view, as shares currently trade at a 36% P/E 
    discount relative to specialty foods group peers and a 19% discount to CHEF’s closest 
    comparison, United Natural Foods (UNFI : NASDAQ : $38.01 | HOLD). 

                                                                                           

                                                                                          276
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   3 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                            
•   Shares trade at 16.9x our F2011 EPS estimate and 9.6x this year’s projected EBITDA. 
    The valuation is a discount to the specialty food peer group while a premium to the 
    food distribution segment. If we consider CHEF’s best comparable, UNFI, the shares 
    are trading at 19% and 25% discounts on C2011 and C2012 EPS estimates, 
    respectively. However, we forecast 39% pro forma EPS growth this year and 24% 
    growth next year. We expect share price appreciation to exceed earnings growth given 
    that CHEF’s attractive relative valuation following the recent market turmoil has been 
    impacted by both declining peer valuations and concerns of economic sensitivity that 
    are likely over done. Further, the company’s heavy exposure to the New York market 
    (over 60% of sales) likely drives a modest discounting of the valuation that should 
    decline as geographical growth continues.  

INVESTMENT THESIS 

We believe CHEF is a premier distributor of specialty food products, but feel the company 
is best characterized as a best-in-class specialty foodservice distributor with a substantial 
growth opportunity lying ahead. While the company is a recent IPO, we believe it is clearly 
already proven. If you can achieve the top market share of specialty foods sold into the 
New York culinary market, in our view you can replicate it anywhere. Period. There is no 
market in the US with a larger base of menu-driven restaurants, no more diverse culinary 
offerings, no more challenging logistical environment than Manhattan, and no more 
demanding consumers or food palates anywhere in the country, if not the world. With an 
expertise in leveraging its supplier and sourcing relationships throughout the world to 
ensure a broader, deeper or more readily available list of gourmet foods and ingredients 
than its competition, and tangible proof that it can dominate the most challenging market 
in the US, we believe there is ample reason to be comfortable that CHEF can replicate its 
success in every major culinary market in the US. 

Four key aFour kFour kFour k ey attributesey aey a ttributes ttributesttributes    

We are initiating coverage of CHEF with a BUY rating and an $18.00 price target. Our 
thesis on picking good long-term growth stocks is very simple and consists of the following 
steps to identify four key attributes:  

1.  identify a specialty consumer trend that generates consistent annual growth above the 
    broader sector; 

2.  bet on the players that have a key core competency that will drive market share gains; 

3.  invest in a good management team with systems that support growth and consistency; 

4.  ensure that there is an economic model that will deliver good returns to shareholders. 

CHEF has eachCHEF has eCHEF has eCHEF has e ach of these attributes coveredachach  of these attributes covered  of these attributes covered of these attributes covered    

1.  We believe that specialty foods will continue to outpace the growth of the broader food 
    sector. In simplest terms, food growth equates to population growth plus inflation. 
    CHEF focused on the food service sector and generally toward the higher end of the 
    sector, and as such annual growth will vary with economic activity. But, given a 
    superior growth rate for the sector, we see reduced risk that CHEF delivers growth. If 
    specialty foods can continue to grow in the mid to high single digits this year (gourmet 
    at the lower end and natural/organic at the higher end), CHEF should deliver superior 

                                                                                            

                                                                                            277
---------------------Page 4---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   4 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                            
    growth. We see no retrenchment in the trend toward a more discerning American 
    consumer that would impact the superior category growth. 

2.  CHEF has a key advantage over its fragment specialty food distribution peers in that it 
    has a broader and deeper product offering with key producer relationships in the US 
    and abroad. This is not the only advantage, but is the key, in our opinion, to CHEF’s 
    market share gains and the major platform to leverage with expansion into new 
    markets. Specialty and gourmet distribution to food service is fragmented with small 
    independent players contributing most of the sales. There simply isn’t a comparison to 
    what CHEF brings to bear. As long as CHEF delivers the same level of service (it does, 
    if not better) and delivers on time and often (it does), all the company must do is 
    establish relationships to gain share, and it is accomplishing this by making 
    acquisitions into most new markets to begin key relationships and adding quality 
    salespeople or in-market acquisitions to expand its relationships within existing 
    markets. The company also enjoys superior systems, and not just because of its 
    greater scale. We have been impressed since day one with the quality of the 
    technology systems at CHEF in all respects as we compared them to similar sized 
    distribution operations which we have encountered in the past. Its physical system 
    strengths are apparent in its asset utilization. 

3.  While every investment report has some language about the quality of management, 
    almost always positive, we have some historical prospective to offer. We have 
    encountered many businesses that met three of our four key attributes, and nearly 
    every time that quality leadership wasn’t one of the four, the idea didn’t pan out as we 
    expected. No shock here, but it deserves attention. Historically, when we encounter a 
    family-founded business with the founder still running the company, we rarely find 
    quality outside additions to the management team. It usually takes a challenge for the 
    hiring of key outsiders to occur. This is not the case at CHEF. There is a passionate 
    leader who has built this company from the ground up and augmented his 
    management team with experience and quality. During the company’s IPO road show, 
    this was the second most frequently referenced comment we heard following the belief 
    that the company had considerable acquisition growth opportunity. The best way to 
    evaluate management, in our opinion, is usually to evaluate the tools the team has put 
    into place and the diligence behind how decisions are made. Given the quality of 
    systems in place and diligence used for acquisitions and capital expenditures, we 
    believe that CHEF offers investors a quality organization that is already scaled to a 
    level where CHEF can deliver both growth and operating leverage simultaneously. 

4.  Finally, a great growth sector, core competencies and good systems are only as good 
    as the economic model. While CHEF is a distributor, it isn’t a typical distributor model. 
    The company generates 26% gross margins with stable historical trends, turns its 
    inventory rapidly enough to enjoy over 100% vendor financing, turns its fixed assets 
    incredibly quickly and should yield over 30% ROIC and over 40% ROE. This simply 
    isn’t the traditional distributor model and thus shouldn’t trade like a traditional 
    distributor model. The premium ROE deserves a premium valuation. 

                                                                                            

                                                                                           278
---------------------Page 5---------------------

                                                               Daily Letter |   5 
                                                                  7 September 2011 

                                                                                           
GROWTH OPPORTUNITIES 

The specialty/gourmet end of the foodservice market is a highly fragmented industry where 
the competition is generally more narrowly focused on specific product categories or 
geographical exposure. We aren’t going to argue that white tablecloth restaurant sales are 
on the verge of exploding, but we will argue that the utilization of specialty ingredients is 
rising throughout the food service industry. This growth trend, along with a competitive 
environment that is highly favorable for CHEF, is where the growth lies. We believe CHEF 
will expand market share in existing markets, seek acquisitions for the purposes of 
expansion of distribution into new markets as well as increasing its presence in existing 
markets and leverage its infrastructure to deliver earnings growth that exceeds revenue 
growth. Each of these growth drivers is already proven and driving results. We forecast 
39% pro forma EPS growth this year and 24% next year. Without acquisitions, we would 
still be forecasting 20% EPS growth next year. Beyond 2012, we are using a base case 
revenue growth rate in the high single digits with mid-teens EPS growth prior to any 
benefit from acquisitions to enter new markets or expand existing markets.  

We believe that there are several growth opportunities at CHEF that should deliver 
revenue growth well ahead of the mid-single-digit-plus growth of specialty foods. Growth 
opportunities include: 

•   Specialty focus ensures superior growth versus broader food service industry that 
    might grow 1% ex-inflation 

•   Growth within existing markets through expanding the customer base as CHEF can 
    leverage a broader and deeper product catalogue to gain share from competitors 

•   Growth within existing accounts through expansion of the product offering and higher 
    specialty food penetration rates, thus capturing higher share of each account’s 
    purchasing 

•   Considerable geographic growth exists as CHEF still generates 60% of sales in the New 
    York market. The company has considerable opportunity to expand its existing 
    markets outside of the New York area and enter new markets 

•   Acquisitions can effectively add geographies, customers or product expertise 

Focus on specialty foods  
In our view, the exposure to premium specialty, gourmet or natural/organic inputs 
positions CHEF to enjoy a higher inherent growth rate. Over the years, we have 
encountered long-term growth estimates anywhere from 5-9% for the specialty food 
industry, with the variances usually driven by the components in each forecast. According 
to The State of the Specialty Food Industry report published by the National Association for 
the Specialty Food Trade, specialty food sales rose 7.4% in 2010 after a 4.2% increase in 
2009 at retail. While this data is predominantly focused on retail sales rather than 
foodservice sales, the growth trend is driven by the same consumer preferences. In fact, 
the foodservice industry is generally the leader in new specialty food trends. Further, 
according to the data, 76% of specialty food manufacturers (CHEF’s suppliers) reported 
growth in 2010 with 36% reporting growth above 20%. The data is similar for specialty 
food importers, where 72% of importers reported growth in 2010 and 28% reported 
growth in excess of 20%. We believe it is clear that the specialty food industry is a growth 

                                                                                           

                                                                                          279
---------------------Page 6---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   6 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                             
industry. This data is very applicable to the trends at CHEF. For example, in this research, 
the largest reported product category of specialty foods was cheese, which is consistent 
with CHEF’s product exposure. 

While specialty foods carry higher price points and thus should be more economically 
sensitive, the history in specialty food categories is that there is more ample growth to 
accommodate shocks to consumer spending. What is key, however, is that growth of this 
product category isn’t driven by rising employment or incomes, but rather the underlying 
macro trends that drive consumers to a broader palate and more concern for the quality of 
the foods they eat. This trend is the key to CHEF’s exposure to specialty foods, not whether 
consumer confidence plunges one month or the next. In the higher end of the food service 
industry there will of course be economic sensitivity, but as history has indicated, the 
consumer has always come back and after living through the violent economic impacts of 
late 2008 and early 2009, the industry should be better equipped than ever to handle sales 
volatility.   

Client growth within existing markets 
Investor growth expectations following the IPO road show were most keenly focused on the 
geographical growth opportunity and the ability to roll up a fragmented industry, or at 
least leverage acquisitions to enter new markets. While there is substantial geographic and 
acquisition growth opportunity, we believe that the opportunity to expand share within 
existing markets is just as significant, if not more so, to the long-term growth story. Simply 
put, we believe CHEF has a better offering, better capitalization and better systems than its 
regional competition. We repeatedly hear of efforts to reduce the number of trucks 
showing up at the back door each day and thus consolidation of suppliers should naturally 
play into CHEF’s strength. However, the real benefit is simply that CHEF has more of what 
chefs want, delivers it on time and the chefs can have greater confidence in the consistency 
of a larger, broader, publically-traded supplier. Leveraging this broader and deeper 
product offering is an appropriate sales force of approximately 125 professionals, the 
majority of whom have formal culinary training or the like. A better salesperson with a 
better product offering usually wins. The sales force, given its experience, has been able to 
create a strong network of relationships with its customers, many of which often begin at 
some of the nation’s leading culinary schools. Equipped with advanced culinary and 
industry knowledge, CHEF’s sales professionals seek to establish a rapport with its 
customers so that they can more fully understand and anticipate their needs and offer cost-
effective food product solutions. Such an intimate knowledge of what goes on in the kitchen 
by a sizable sales force differentiates The Chefs’ Warehouse from its broadline competitors 
as well as the smaller niche specialty distributors that do not have the scale to provide an 
array of goods as vast as CHEF’s. While this is the last analogy a chef or restaurant patron 
wants to hear us use, it is true that CHEF has a better mouse trap (sorry, we couldn’t 
resist). 

Growth within existing accounts 
First, we must recognize that CHEF’s customers do not use a single food service supplier. 
CHEF doesn’t carry every food item that a restaurant uses and certainly not all of the 
restaurant supplies that a restaurant utilizes. As a result, there is an inherent opportunity 
to expand the market share of each account in which CHEF sells. This naturally occurs for 
any new distributor to an account as the account ramps up, but what we are more focused 
on is expansion of the product offering and the increased penetration of each menu for the 

                                                                                             

                                                                                            280
---------------------Page 7---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   7 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                             
specialty food inputs that CHEF markets. Given the data that specialty foods are growing 
mid-plus single digits while the food service industry isn’t, there is a clear trend toward 
specialty foods accounting for a higher percentage of a specialty foodservice operator’s cost 
of sales. Here lies the opportunity for CHEF to grow its average drop size and allow mix to 
contribute to revenue growth over and above customer growth. We expect this trend will 
continue to contribute to the revenue growth rate. 

Geographic growth opportunities 
The opportunity for geographic growth is obvious at this point. Given that we have 
highlighted CHEF’s superior product offering, a fragmented industry nationwide and now 
a balance sheet that provides ammunition for acquisitions into new markets, we only need 
note that CHEF still generates 60% of its sales in New York and has a physical presence in 
only six major markets, of which Miami is just 12 months old. Given our belief that success 
in New York implies that success can be had in any market, there is substantial 
opportunity for growth. 
  
 Figure 1: Current market exposure 
  

                                                                                             
  
 Source: Company reports 
  
Expansion of the geographical footprint should be able to provide long-term above average 
growth given the relatively narrow focus today. We also believe it is important to note that 
CHEF’s expansion strategy to date seems appropriately focused on the markets with the 
largest opportunities, illustrating a targeted strategy of both acquisitions and geographical 
expansion. Some of the noted potential market and acquisition opportunities are 
highlighted in the following figure. 

                                                                                             

                                                                                            281
---------------------Page 8---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   8 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                             
  
 Figure 2: Target markets for growth both geographically and via acquisition 
  

                                                                         
  
 Source: Company reports 
  

Acquisitions and leveraging distribution 
We’ll start with the very important statement once again that the specialty foodservice 
distribution sector is highly fragmented. We believe CHEF will seek acquisitions for the 
purposes of expansion of distribution into new markets as well as increasing its presence 
in existing markets. The recently completed acquisition of Harry Wils in the New York 
market is an excellent example of a tuck-in acquisition, while the acquisition of Culinarie 
Specialty Foods in Miami last year is a perfect example of new market entry through 
acquisition. Consolidation has been a proven business model in the food distribution 
industry in all channels as there are clear economies of scale, but it is incrementally 
attractive in the fragmented specialty category, in our opinion, given that supplier 
relationships are incrementally important and the breadth of the product offering is a key 
differentiator given how fragmented the supplier base is as well. In our view, CHEF has a 
disciplined M&A strategy that is exemplified by its success with its acquisition history to 
date, the pace at which it has grown through acquisition and the diligence the company 
utilizes in its evaluation of acquisitions. Future acquisition targets will likely be geared 
toward expanding the customer base in both new and existing markets, but also the 
product catalogue by utilizing the acquired firms’ existing relationships to obtain access to 
additional specialty goods or importing relationships, which we view favorably given 
inherent growth of the segment.  

RISKS 

There are several aspects of CHEF’s business model and competitive position that mitigate 
risk. Most importantly, the company has no measurable customer or supplier 
concentration risks to mention given its diversified base of customers and suppliers. 
Further, the company has minimal debt leverage post IPO and is in a competitive position 

                                                                                             

                                                                                            282
---------------------Page 9---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   9 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                             
that should reduce the risk of pricing pressure that could impact margins. Nonetheless, 
there are several risks to consider. 

Key risks that may impede the achievement of our forecasts and/or price target include the 
following: 

A rise in commodity prices: While normally beneficiA rise in commodity prices:A rise in commodity prices:A rise in commodity prices:al for food distributors, excessive 
commodity costs, which have been volatile over the last several years, could alter 
consumption behavior and lower consumer demand. Major products sold that have had 
their inputs fluctuate greatly are dairy, wheat, flour, and cooking oils. Additionally, rises in 
fuel costs could negatively impact CHEF’s operations. 

Economic sensitivity: Economic sensitivityEconomic sensitivityEconomic sensitivity : Given CHEF’s focus on higher end food service est: : ablishments, the 
company is exposed to potential sales volatility as consumer confidence and spending 
fluctuate. Recent concerns surrounding incremental economic weakness have impacted the 
performance of the shares. 

Competitive activity:Competitive activitCompetitive activitCompetitive activit y: Despite its favorable positioning in specialty fy:y:oods, competition in the 
food distribution industry is fierce and CHEF competes with larger food companies with 
greater resources. Market leaders include Sysco, U.S. Foodservices, Inc and United Natural 
Foods. 

Market concentration:MarketMarketMarket  concentration: CHEF operations are concentrated in concentration: concentration: six markets, leaving the 
company susceptible to economic downturns. As of the end of 2010, 66% of CHEF’s total 
sales originated from the New York market.  

Acquisition and integration risk: CHEF has made sevAcquisition and integration risk:Acquisition and integration risk:Acquisition and integration risk:eral acquisitions over its history, and 
acquisitions remain a key growth initiative. The specialty foods distribution industry is 
highly fragmented, and the company has indicated plans for future acquisitions. Future 
acquisitions could strain management resources and result in sales disruptions or loss of 
key personnel, and the company may not achieve expected cost reductions or distribution 
gains.  

Product recalls and/Product recalls Product recalls Product recalls  and/or food safety concerns:and/and/ or food safety concerns: CHEF products are ingestedor food safety concerns:or food safety concerns:, and any concern 
about food safety or quality can impair consumer confidence in the brands sold through 
CHEF. The risk of adverse health impacts is always present.  

Industry regulation: CHEF’s line of business is higIndustry regulation:Industry regulation:Industry regulation:hly regulated at the federal, state and 
local levels, and its specialty food products and distribution operations require various 
licenses, permits and approvals. Suppliers are also subject to similar regulatory 
requirements and oversight. In addition, as a distributor of specialty food products, CHEF 
is subject to increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food 
safety and the sale, packaging and marketing of natural and organic products. 

Weather: Adverse weather conditions can significantWeather:Weather:Weather:ly impact CHEF’s ability to profitably 
and efficiently conduct its operations and, in severe cases, could result in its trucks being 
unable to make deliveries or cause the temporary closure or the destruction of one or more 
of its distribution centers. 

In addition, we strongly urge investors to review the complete set of risk factors that can be 
found in The Chefs’ Warehouse’s most recent regulatory filings. 

                                                                                             

                                                                                            283
---------------------Page 10---------------------

                                                             Daily Letter |   10 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                            
COMPANY OVERVIEW 

The Chefs’ Warehouse, founded by Christopher and John Pappas in 1985 as Dairyland 
USA and still recognized under this banner, is a premier distributor of specialty foods in 
the United States. With its corporate headquarters in Ridgefield, CT, the company focuses 
its sales efforts on developing relationships with the chefs who own or operate 
independent restaurants, fine dining establishments, country clubs, hotels, caterers, 
culinary schools and specialty food stores in six of the nation’s leading culinary markets, 
including New York, Washington, D.C., Los Angeles, San Francisco, Las Vegas and Miami. 
By leveraging an experienced and sophisticated sales force of approximately 125 sales 
professionals, CHEF sells to more than 7,000 chefs while also providing the route-to-
market for many of its suppliers. Sitting in between a fragmented customer base and a 
fragmented supplier base, CHEF enjoys a level of market power that is a key advantage.  

The company operates out of just seven distribution centers and provides service six days a 
week in many of its service areas. Its specialty food and ingredient offering, defined as 
gourmet foods and ingredients that are of the highest grade, quality or style as measured 
by their uniqueness, exotic origin or particular processing method, is sourced from over 
1,000 suppliers throughout North America, South America, Europe and Asia. Its product 
portfolio includes over 11,500 SKUs comprised primarily of imported and domestic 
specialty food products, such as artisan charcuterie, specialty cheeses, unique oils and 
vinegars, hormone-free protein, truffles, caviar and chocolate. CHEF also offers an 
extensive line of broadline food products; including cooking oils, butter, eggs, milk and 
flour. No supplier accounts for more than 5% of sales, a broad exposure that is consistent 
with its diversified customer base as well. CHEF has effectively eliminated its dependence 
upon any single supplier and also mitigates risks by utilizing sophisticated forecasting and 
inventory management systems to minimize the carrying time of commodity-oriented 
products. 

  
 Figure 3: 2010 revenue breakdown by market 
  
                                          Maryland
                                            12%
                                                          Los Angeles
                                                              11%

                                                                    San 
                                                                 Francisco
                                                                    7%
                                                                  Las Vegas
                                                                     2%
                                                                  Miami
                                                                   1%

                          New York
                             67%

                                                                               
  
 Source: Company reports 
  

                                                                                            

                                                                                           284
---------------------Page 11---------------------

                                                             Daily Letter |   11 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                             
In addition to being the largest specialty foodservice distributor in the key New York 
market, the company is a leader in Washington, D.C., San Francisco, and Los Angeles as 
well and is building out Miami and Las Vegas at a rapid clip. While not the focus, The 
Chefs’ Warehouse also makes its product catalogue available online for purchasing. Its 
website, Chefswarehouse.com, can allow investors to broaden their own palette with 
exclusive foods or attempt to emulate that special dish at their favorite upscale restaurant. 

Beginning in 2005, Chefs’ Warehouse embarked upon several acquisitions (about one per 
year) to facilitate distribution growth within not only new markets, but existing ones as 
well. The first such purchase was Van Rex Gourmet Foods, which had operations in the 
Los Angeles, San Francisco and Las Vegas markets. The company completed three 
additional accretive tuck-in acquisitions (approximately $4 million to $5 million each) in 
the San Francisco and Maryland markets between 2007 and 2009. New market expansion 
continued with the purchase of Monique & Me, Inc. in June 2010 for $3.7 million to obtain 
entrance into the Miami area. Finally in June 2011, Harry Wils & Co. was purchased for $9 
million to provide further scaling within the New York market. 

Product overview 
In our view, CHEF’s key competitive advantage is its comprehensive product portfolio of 
over 11,500 specialty and broadline goods, with over 7,000 in stock every day, and its 
ability to leverage relationships with suppliers to gain access to exclusive products not 
easily accessible to competitive suppliers. Captive products clearly add to the stickiness of 
customers and can provide a price advantage to customers while delivering good margin to 
the company. Additionally, CHEF still has opportunity for product portfolio additions based 
on both existing and anticipated trends in the culinary industry, which constantly evolve. 
New product introductions in the specialty food industry are a significant driver of growth. 
Given that the company is focused on leading chefs and enjoys a specialty ingredient 
supplier base that often leads trends, CHEF is an excellent position to be at the forefront of 
new product and ingredient trends.  

The company seeks to differentiate itself from its competitors by offering a more extensive 
depth and breadth of its specialty food offering. CHEF carries a wide range of high-quality 
specialty food products including artisan charcuterie, specialty cheeses, unique oils and 
vinegars, hormone-free proteins, truffles, caviar and chocolate across each of its markets, 
but also offers a number of items in each of its respective markets that are tailored to meet 
the unique preferences of the individual chefs in that market. The specialty food industry 
often has distinct regional characteristics.  

 

                                                                                             

                                                                                            285
---------------------Page 12---------------------

                                                               Daily Letter |   12 
                                                                    7 September 2011 

                                                                                               
  
 Figure 4: 2010 revenue breakdown by product 
  

                          Dairy Products                Meat
                                9%                      13%
                      Beverages
                         4%
                    Olive Oil
                       4%
          Seafood Frozen
                                                                     Cheese
                4%
                                                                      15%
              Vegetable
                  4%
            Chocolate
               3%
               Baking 
              Products
                 3%
                 Oils & 
              Shortening
                  4%                               Remaining 
                                                   Categories
                                                      37%
                                                                                          
  
 Source: Company reports 
  
Within CHEF’s product offerings, it carries a broad assortment of gourmet brands, but also 
seeks to maximize product contribution through the offering of proprietary brands, which 
CHEF offers in a number of categories, including bulk olive oil, Italian grating cheeses and 
butter. Through its offering of both high-quality specialty foods and ingredients, along with 
more traditional broadline staple food products, CHEF provides its customers with 
foodservice distribution solutions that are more efficient, broader and should thus be more 
cost effective than its competition.  

Distribution and customers 
The Chefs’ Warehouse’s current markets and dates of entry are shown in the following 
chart: 

  
 Figure 5: Distribution footprint 
  
               Market NameMarket NameMarket NameMarket NameGeographies ServedGeographies ServedGeographies ServedGeographies ServedYear EnteredYear EnteredYear EnteredYear Entered
                 New York            Boston to Atlantic City            1985
             Washington, D.C.      Philadelphia to Richmond             1999
                Los Angeles       Santa Barbara to San Diego            2005
               San Francisco           Napa Valley to Monterey Bay                    2005
                 Las Vegas                 Las Vegas                    2005
                  Miami                      Miami                      2010        
 Source: Company reports 
  
Operating out of seven distribution centers in six markets providing service six days a 
week in many areas, CHEF utilizes a fleet of delivery trucks to fill an average of 11,000 

                                                                                               

                                                                                              286
---------------------Page 13---------------------

                                                                Daily Letter |   13 
                                                                     7 September 2011 

                                                                                                
orders weekly, usually within 12-24 hours of order placement. CHEF’s average distribution 
service level, or the percentage of in-stock items ordered by customers that were delivered 
by the requested date, was in excess of 99% as of fiscal year end 2010. To achieve these 
high service levels and proactively seek to improve upon operations, the company has 
invested significantly in sophisticated warehousing, inventory control and distribution 
systems. Examples of such investments are as follows: 

•   A fully-integrated MIS in CHEF’s primary New York City distribution facility which 
    provides real-time inventory visibility and detailed metrics related to inventory turns. 
    Plans are under way to integrate this system into the remaining distribution facilities 
    by the end of 2011.  

•   Pick-to-voice technology in each of its distribution facilities that enable its warehouse 
    employees to fill orders with greater speed and accuracy.  

•   Advanced routing and logistics planning software which maximizes the number of 
    daily deliveries that each truck can make while also enabling CHEF to make deliveries 
    within each customer’s preferred two- to three-hour time window. 

•   GPS and vehicle monitoring technology to regularly evaluate the condition of delivery 
    trucks and monitor the performance of drivers by tracking their progress relative to 
    their delivery schedule. 

  
 Figure 6: Overview of distribution centers 
  
              Name/Location                 Owned/LeasedName/LocationName/LocationName/LocationOwned/Leased              Approximate Size (Sq.ft)Owned/LeasedOwned/LeasedApproximate Size (Sq.ft)Approximate Size (Sq.ft)Approximate Size (Sq.ft)
            Bronx, New York #1           Leased                  120,000
            Bronx, New York #2                     Leased                                            55,000
            Hanover, Maryland            Leased                   55,200
              Miami, Florida                            Leased                                            10,000
           Los Angeles, California       Leased                   80,000
            Hayward, California          Leased                   40,000
             Las Vegas, Nevada           Leased                   11,440
                   Total Total Total Total                       371,640371,640371,640371,640 
  
 Source: Company reports 
  
With its broad distribution solution and focus on menu-driven independent restaurants, 
fine dining establishments, country clubs, hotels, caterers, culinary schools and specialty 
food stores, no meaningful customer concentration exists as the company’s top 10 
customers accounted for less than 10% of total net revenue for 2010. The company 
distributes one or more products on a weekly basis to more than 60% of its addressable 
market in the New York metropolitan area (CHEF defines its addressable market as 
independent restaurants with an average entrée price of greater than $15.00) and between 
20%-30% of its addressable market in the other markets that CHEF serves. While The 
Chefs’ Warehouse has successfully managed to penetrate more than half of its addressable 
New York market, it is still expanding its customer base in New York and increasing the 
average order size and profitability of its average New York customer.  

                                                                                                

                                                                                               287
---------------------Page 14---------------------

                                                             Daily Letter |   14 
                                                                  7 September 2011 

                                                                                            
  
 Figure 7: Fine dining vs. fast food: the simple difference explains the favorable margins 
  

                                                                                             
  
 Source: Google.com/images 
  
CHEF extends credit to virtually all of its customers, but does not have the high level of 
write-offs that might naturally be assumed. CHEF’s Credit and Collections Department 
consists of 11 full-time employees and regularly evaluates credit terms for each customer 
based upon several factors. The company’s historical average write-offs have been below 
one half of one percent over the past three years. 

Management 
As we indicated, we believe that The Chefs’ Warehouse has assembled a strong 
management team augmenting passionate founders with experienced executives in key 
roles such as functional areas, including finance, sales and marketing, information 
technology and human resources. The management team is effective, successful and 
capable of driving the company forward through continued growth and market expansion, 
in our opinion. The senior management has already demonstrated the ability to grow the 
business, responded effectively to the financial crisis and economic weakness a couple of 
years ago with prudent actions and put in place the infrastructure to support future 
profitable growth and operating leverage. Following the recent initial public offering, the 
management team continues to own half of the outstanding shares.  

Christopher Pappas, Chief Executive OfficerChristopher PappasChristopher PappasChristopher Pappas , Chief Executive Officer and Chairman., Chief Executive Officer, Chief Executive Officer and Chairman. Mr. Pappas has served as the  and Chairman. and Chairman.
CEO since founding the company as Dairyland USA in 1985 and has been Chairman since 
March 1, 2011. Mr. Pappas currently oversees all business activities, with a focus on 
product procurement, sales, marketing and strategy development. Mr. Pappas's 
qualifications to serve on the board of directors include his extensive knowledge of the 
company and the specialty food products distribution business and his years of leadership 
at the company. 

John Pappas, Vice Chairman. Along with his brother,John Pappas, Vice Chairman. John Pappas, Vice Chairman. John Pappas, Vice Chairman.  Mr. Pappas co-founded the company 
under the Dairyland USA name and brings over 25 years of experience in logistics, 
facilities and global procurement. 

Ken Clark, Chief Financial OfficerKen ClarkKen ClarkKen Clark , Chief Financial Officer. Mr. Clark joined in 2007, Chief Financial Officer, Chief Financial Officer as a controller and obtained 
the CFO position in March 2009, bringing in experience as a controller at Credit Suisse 
Energy, as well as various key financial positions at United Rentals, Inc., Sempra Energy 
Trading Corporation and Arthur Andersen, LLC.  

                                                                                            

                                                                                           288
---------------------Page 15---------------------

                                                             Daily Letter |   15 
                                                                   7 September 2011 

                                                                                             
Jim Wagner, Chief Jim Wagner,Jim Wagner,Jim Wagner,  Chief Operating Chief  Chief  Operating OfficerOperatingOperating  Officer. Officer Officer. Since joining in 2006, Mr. Wagner has held variou..s 
management roles within The Chefs’ Warehouse. Additionally, he was a co-founder of 
TrueChocolate, Inc., a chocolate manufacturing and processing start-up. He also held key 
management positions at Clear!Blue Marketing and was principal and founder of Jump 
Communications. 

Frank O’Dowd, Chief Frank O’Dowd,Frank O’Dowd,Frank O’Dowd,  Chief Information Chief  Chief  Information OfficeInformationInformation  Officer Office Office r. rr. Mr. O’Dowd brings over 15 years of experience . . 
in managing information technology. Prior to joining, Mr. O’Dowd was the CIO at GAF 
Materials Corporation, a North American roofing manufacturer, for nearly 10 years. Mr. 
O'Dowd's prior professional experience also includes experiences at Reed Elsevier, 
Newsweek Magazine and Wyeth Pharmaceuticals. 

FINANCIAL OVERVIEW 

CHEF is a well capitalized, highly profitable business that generates free cash flow while 
enjoying strong internal growth and considerable acquisition opportunities. We view 
CHEF’s economic model as a key facet of the investment thesis and given the 
fragmentation of both its customer base and supplier base, we see minimal risk to the 
attractive economic characteristics of the business model. Following the IPO and Q2 
results, the company has just $44 million of debt, or just over 1x our forward EBITDA 
forecast, and ample capacity on its new credit facility. The company turns its assets 
rapidly, and by our estimates should generate over 30% ROIC and over 40% ROE on a go 
forward basis after adjusting for the recent recapitalization. These returns, along with a 
large and fragmented addressable market, should support an above average growth rate. 

  
 Figure 8: Revenue growth trend and forecasts 
  
                
                    500
                    450
                    400
                    350
                    300
                    250
                    200
                    150
                    100
                     50
                      0
                            F2009            F2010          F2011E         F2012E         F2013E
                                                                             
  
 Source: Canaccord Genuity forecasts and company reports 
  
In establishing our estimates, we have extrapolated recent trends, while moderating the 
internal growth over the coming quarters as we monitor a tenuous consumer spending 
environment. For example, in Q3, we forecast relatively flat sales sequentially and flat EPS 
sequentially despite a measurable acquisition contribution from the Harry Wils acquisition 
completed at the end of Q2. The conservative forecast should allow for any potential sales 
disruption from the recent hurricane that impacted the New York market and compensate 
for the economic environment. Our estimates do not assume rapid growth of the 
foodservice industry that CHEF addresses, but reflect market share gains, some modest 

                                                                                             

                                                                                            289

               Revenue in $ millions
---------------------Page 16---------------------

                                                                                                   Daily Letter |   16 
                                                                                                         7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                    
                                    mix/inflation benefit, acquisition contribution and more rapid growth in new markets. In 
                                    all, we forecast 18% revenue growth in F2011 to $389 million, which compares to 
                                    guidance of $384 to $392 million. In our F2011 growth forecast, we estimate about 4% 
                                    growth due to acquisitions and the remainder coming from organic growth driven both by 
                                    higher case volumes and a modest 3% mix benefit for the full year. For F2012, we forecast 
                                    12% revenue growth to $437 million with 2% coming from acquisitions and the 10% 
                                    organic growth generated mostly by higher case volume. In each year, we forecast 
                                    operating leverage delivering superior EPS growth, but do not assume gross margin 
                                    improvement from recent trends. In fact, our gross margin forecast is below the trend in 
                                    the first half of F2011 as we are extrapolating the average over the last two years.  

                                    For F2011, we forecast $0.77 of pro forma EPS, up 39% YOY from $0.55 in F2010. We 
                                    estimate an adjusted operating margin of 7.1%, up about 100 bp YOY. For F2012, we 
                                    estimate pro forma EPS of $0.95, reflecting incremental operating margin improvement of 
                                    80 basis points to 7.9%. Again, in 2012, the operating margin improvement should be 
                                    driven by leverage of operating expenses rather than gross margin improvement, 
                                    according to our forecasts.  In F2013, we are utilizing a base case assumption of 9% 
                                    revenue growth and 14% EPS growth, or $474 million of revenue and $1.08 of EPS. 

  
 Figure 9: Initiating F2011, F2012 and F2013 estimates 
  
                                                                  YOY                    YOY                    YOY
        in $ millions, except EPS      F2010        F2011E      Growth      F2012E      Growth     F2013E      Growth
        Revenue                          330.1         388.9       17.8%      437.1        12.4%      474.3        8.5%
        Adjusted EBITDA                   24.6          32.4       32.0%        37.4       15.3%       41.9       12.1%
        Pro forma EPS                    $0.55         $0.77       39.4%      $0.95        24.3%     $1.08        13.7%
                                                                   BP                                               BP                                               BP
                                       F2010        F2011E      change      F2012E      change     F2013E      change
        Gross margin                     26.0%         26.3%          32      26.2%           (8)     26.2%           0
        Adjusted EBITDA margin                     7.4%                    8.3%                    90               8.6%                    22               8.8%                    28
        Adjusted net margin                3.4%         4.1%          68        4.6%          49       4.9%          32   
  
 Source: Canaccord Genuity forecast and company reports 
   

                                    Recent results 
                                    Q2 financial reports were published recently with GAAP EPS of $0.17 on $99.3 million of 
                                    revenue, which represented 19% and 25% YOY increases in the respective figures. Gross 
                                    profit increased 19.7% to $26.2 million for the second quarter of 2011 from $21.9 million 
                                    for the prior year period as the gross margin increased to 27 basis points to 26.5%. GAAP 
                                    operating income increased approximately 37.5% to $7.7 million for the second quarter of 
                                    2011 compared to $5.6 million for the second quarter of 2010, while EBITDA increased 
                                    31.3% to $8.1 million for the second quarter of 2011 from $6.2 million for the second 
                                    quarter of 2010. On an adjusted basis, EPS rose 36% to $0.20 from $0.15 a year ago. The 
                                    quarter delivered a strong gross margin, operating leverage, favorable free cash flow and 
                                    strong growth in every metric. We believe that the Q2 trends are a good indicator of what 
                                    should be expected in the back-half of 2011, despite rising economic and consumer 
                                    concerns facing the food service industry. 

                                    Accompanying CHEF’s Q2 results, the company also introduced initial financial guidance 
                                    for full year 2011: 

                                                                                                                                    

                                                                                                                                   290
---------------------Page 17---------------------

                                                                                                                                  Daily Letter |   17 

                                                                                                                                         7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                                                           
                                               •    Revenue between $384 million and $392 million. 

                                               •    GAAP net income per diluted share between $0.41 and $0.44. 

                                               •    Modified pro forma net income per diluted share between $0.76 and $0.79. 

                                               VALUATION 

                                               Valuation is attractive, in our view. Shares trade at 16.9x our 2011 EPS forecast of $0.77, 
                                               which is below the peer group multiple of 26.4x for the specialty foods group, while a 
                                               significant premium to the food distribution peer group multiple of 12.2x. We argue that 
                                               CHEF should trade at a premium to its distribution peers given its vastly superior margins, 
                                               growth outlook and higher returns on invested capital. If we use a simple average of these 
                                               two peer groups, CHEF should trade at 19.3x this year earnings, implying that the shares 
                                               are 12% undervalued. Shares also trade at just 9.6x this year’s projected EBITDA and 8.3x 
                                               next year’s EBITDA forecast.  

                                               Compared to its most closely related comparison, UNFI, shares are trading at a roughly 
                                               19% discount on a 2011 EPS basis and 24% on F2012 forecasts. We view UNFI as the best 
                                               comparable for CHEF given it also enjoys a naturally growing market, superior margins 
                                               relative to most distributors (yet still inferior at 18% to CHEF at 26%) and is the leader in 
                                               its segment.  

                                               Our price target of $18.00 equates to 16.5x our 2013 EPS forecast and 9.5x our EBITDA 
                                               forecast. Our targeted PE and EBITDA multiple forecasts reflect the premium valuations of 
                                               the specialty food peer group, reduced by the unattractive comparison to the low 
                                               valuations afforded the traditional food distribution peer group. 

  
 Figure 10: Relative valuation 
  
                                                                                                                                             Enterprise   Enterprise 
  Food distribution Peer GroupFood distribution Peer GroupFood distribution Peer GroupFood distribution Peer GroupPrice            Market       Enterprise    C2011E   C2012E            P/E                    P/E Value/    Value/    
                                                                                                                                               EBITDA       EBITDA 
  Company                                             Symbol   Rating              9/6/2011     Cap ($M)           Value              EPS            EPS            C2011E          C2012EC2011EC2012E
  Core-Mark Holdings                     CORE       Not rated                33.74                 385                   445                              2.58            3.23                  13.1                                     10.4                                        5.9                                        4.7             
  Nash Finch                     NAFC      Not rated        29.30          356               674 3.62       3.83                8.1             7.7             4.6              4.4 
  Supervalu                      SVU       Not rated          7.65       1,623            8,429  1.24       1.25                6.2             6.1             4.6              4.6 
  Sysco                          SYY       Not rated        26.87      15,926           17,955   2.01       2.14              13.4           12.6             7.4              7.0 
  United Natural Foods           UNFI      Hold             37.55        1,832            2,035  1.79       2.09              21.0           18.0           10.6              9.4 
  AverageAverageAverageAverage                                                                                          12.2x12.2x12.2x12.2x11.1x11.1x11.1x11.1x6.8x6.8x6.8x6.8x6.4x6.4x6.4x6.4x

                                                                                                                                             Enterprise   Enterprise 
  Specialty Food Peer GroupSpecialty Food Peer GroupSpecialty Food Peer GroupSpecialty Food Peer GroupPriceMarketEnterpriseC2011E   C2012E P/E P/E Value/    Value/    
                                                                                                                                               EBITDA       EBITDA 
  Company                                             Symbol   Rating              9/6/2011     Cap ($M)           Value              EPS            EPS            C2011E          C2012EC2011EC2012E
  Diamond Foods                  DMND      Not rated        75.40        1,660            2,231  2.76       3.32              27.3           22.7           10.7              6.2 
  Hain Celestial                 HAIN      Buy              30.85        1,394            1,369  1.44       1.65              21.4           18.7           10.5             8.9 
  Lifeway Foods                  LWAY      Not rated        10.29          169               176 0.35       0.40              29.8           25.7           13.8            13.1 
  Peet's Coffee & Tea            PEET      Not rated        56.00          723               680 1.50       1.84              37.4           30.5           14.3            12.5 
  Smart Balance                  SMBL      Hold               4.77         285               326 0.22       0.28              21.3           16.9             8.2              7.9 
  United Natural Foods           UNFI      Hold             37.55        1,832            2,035  1.79       2.09              21.0           18.0           10.6              9.4 
  AverageAverageAverageAverage                                                                                          26.4x26.4x26.4x26.4x22.1x22.1x22.1x22.1x11.4x11.4x11.4x11.4x9.7x9.7x9.7x9.7x

  Chefs' WarehouseChefs' WarehouseChefs' WarehouseChefs' WarehouseCHEFCHEFCHEFCHEFBuy12.9812.9812.9812.98270270270270                                         310 310  310 3100.770.770.770.770.950.950.950.95                                     16.916.916.916.9                                         13.613.613.613.6                                                 9.6 9.69.6  9.6                                              8.3 8.38.3  8.3 
  Relative to conventional group                                                                                     39.3%        23.0%         40.7%        30.4%
  Relative to specialty group                                                                                       (35.8%)      (38.3%)       (15.8%)      (14.1%)
  Relative to UNFI                                                                                                  (19.2%)      (24.2%)       (10.1%)      (11.6%)     
  
 Source: Canaccord Genuity, Capital IQ and Thomson First Call consensus estimates 
  
                                                

                                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                                          291
---------------------Page 18---------------------

                                                                                                                                                    Daily Letter |    18 

                                                                                                                                                                7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                                                                                       
   
  Figure 11: Historical and projected operating results 
   
      Fiscal Year End - December                                                                                                                         (in millions, except per-share data)
                                                                 2010201020102010                         2011E2011E2011E2011E                  2011E                       2012E2011E2011E2011E2012E                      2013E2012E2012E2013E2013E2013E
      Income StatementIncome StatementIncome StatementIncome StatementFY                           Q1AFYFYFYQ1A                  Q2AQ1AQ1AQ2A                    Q3Q2AQ2AQ3                      Q4Q3Q3Q4                       FYQ4Q4FY                               FYFYFYFY                               FYFYFYFYFYFY
        RevenueRevenueRevenueRevenue                                330.1                       83.2330.1330.1330.183.2                 99.383.283.299.3                  99.799.399.399.7               106.799.799.7106.7                 388.9106.7106.7388.9                         437.1388.9388.9437.1                       474.3437.1437.1474.3474.3474.3
           COGS                                                    (244.3)            (61.1)         (73.0)          (73.7)         (78.7)         (286.6)              (322.5)             (349.9)
           Gross Profit                                              85.8              22.0           26.3            26.0           28.0           102.3                114.6              124.4
           Operating Expenses                                        (64.2)           (17.0)         (18.6)          (23.4)         (19.2)           (78.1)               (79.9)             (85.1)
        Operating Income                                             21.6                5.1            7.7            2.6             8.7            24.1                34.7                39.2
        EBITDAEBITDAEBITDAEBITDA                                     24.6                          5.624.624.624.65.6                    8.15.65.68.1                     6.08.18.16.0                      9.16.06.09.1                    29.49.19.129.4                            37.429.429.437.4                          41.937.437.441.941.941.9
           Net Interest                                               (4.0)             (3.5)          (3.3)          (4.7)           (0.4)          (11.9)                (1.6)               (0.8)
           Other expenses                                              0.9               0.1            0.0            0.0             0.0             0.1                  0.0                 0.0
        Pretax Income                                                18.2                1.7            4.4           (2.1)            8.3            12.3                33.1                38.4
           Income Tax                                                 (2.6)             (0.7)          (1.7)           0.8            (3.3)           (4.8)               (13.5)             (15.2)
      Net Income                                                     15.7                1.0            2.7           (1.2)            5.0             7.4                19.6                23.3
      Average Shares                                                 72.5              16.0           16.0            17.6           20.9             17.6                21.2                21.6
      EPS                                                           $0.22             $0.06          $0.17         ($0.07)          $0.24           $0.42                $0.92              $1.08

      Pro forma adjustmentsPro forma adjustmentsPro forma adjustmentsPro forma adjustments
        GAAP Pretax income                                           18.2                1.7            4.4           (2.1)            8.3            12.3                33.1                38.4
           SG&A                                                       (1.4)             (0.8)          (0.7)           1.8             0.0             0.3                  0.0                 0.0
           D&A                                                         0.0               0.0            0.0            3.0             0.0             3.0                  0.0                 0.0
           Interest                                                    1.8               3.0            2.9            4.3             0.0            10.3                  0.0                 0.0
           Adjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDAAdjusted EBITDA24.624.624.624.6  4.84.84.84.8   7.47.47.47.4   7.87.87.87.8    9.19.19.19.1  32.432.432.432.4     37.437.437.437.4    41.941.941.941.9
           Adjusted pre-tax                                          18.6                4.2            6.9            7.0             8.3            26.4                33.1                38.4
           Taxes                                                      (7.3)             (1.6)          (2.7)          (2.8)           (3.3)          (10.4)               (12.9)             (15.0)
           Adjusted net income                                       11.4                2.6            4.2            4.3             5.0            16.1                20.2                23.4
           Pro Forma EPSPro Forma EPSPro Forma EPSPro Forma EPS     $0.55$0.55$0.55$0.55$0.12$0.12$0.12$0.12$0.20$0.20$0.20$0.20$0.20$0.20$0.20$0.20$0.24$0.24$0.24$0.24$0.77$0.77$0.77$0.77$0.95$0.95$0.95$0.95$1.08$1.08$1.08$1.08
             Shares outstanding                                      20.7              20.8           20.8            20.8           20.9             20.9                21.2                21.6

      Margin AnalysisMargin AnalysisMargin AnalysisMargin Analysis
        Gross MarginGross MarginGross MarginGross Margin           26.0 %26.0 %26.0 %26.0 %26.5 %26.5 %26.5 %26.5 %26.5 %26.5 %26.5 %26.5 %26.1 %26.1 %26.1 %26.1 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.3 %26.3 %26.3 %26.3 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %26.2 %
        Warehousing and distribution                               10.3 %            10.3 %           9.2 %          9.6 %           9.7 %           9.7 %                9.3 %              9.1 %
        SG&A                                                         8.5 %             9.3 %          9.1 %        10.5 %            7.9 %           9.2 %                8.6 %              8.5 %
        Adjusted operating margin                                    6.1 %             5.2 %          7.1 %          7.5 %           8.2 %           7.1 %                7.9 %              8.3 %
        Adjusted EBITDA marginAdjusted EBITDA marginAdjusted EBITDA marginAdjusted EBITDA margin7.4 %7.4 %7.4 %7.4 %5.8 %5.8 %5.8 %5.8 %7.5 %7.5 %7.5 %7.5 %7.9 %7.9 %7.9 %7.9 %8.6 %8.6 %8.6 %8.6 %8.3 %8.3 %8.3 %8.3 %8.6 %8.6 %8.6 %8.6 %8.8 %8.8 %8.8 %8.8 %
        Pretax margin                                                5.5 %             2.0 %          4.4 %         -2.1 %           7.8 %           3.2 %                7.6 %              8.1 %
        Adjusted net margin                                                                  3.4 %                    3.1 %              4.2 %                4.3 %                4.7 %                 4.1 %                          4.6 %                       4.9 %
        Tax Rate                                                    39.0%             39.0%          39.0%          39.5%           39.5%           39.3%                39.0%               39.0%

      Growth (vs Year Ago)Growth (vs Year Ago)Growth (vs Year Ago)Growth (vs Year Ago)
        Revenue                                                      22 %                     19 %               19 %                 17 %                 17 %                  18 %                           12 %                           9 % 
        Operating                                                    62 %              67 %           37 %          -58 %            35 %            12 %                 44 %               13 % 
        Pro forma Pre-Tax Income                                     63 %              89 %           38 %           24 %            45 %            42 %                 25 %               16 % 
         Pro forma Net Income                                                             75 %                     89 %                38 %                 23 %                 43 %                  41 % 26 %                        19 % 
         Pro forma EPS                                                0 %              87 %           36 %           22 %            42 %            39 %                 24 %               14 % 

      Ratio AnalysisRatio AnalysisRatio AnalysisRatio Analysis
        Net debt                                                     97.5              95.7           97.3            37.7           39.2             39.2                20.6                 (0.9)
        DSOs                                                         38.4              39.6           36.7            38.4           38.4             38.4                38.4                38.4
        Days Inventory                                               24.5                      25.7                 26.2                   26.0                  22.1                    24.3                             23.8                          23.8
        Inventory Turns                                              14.9                3.5            3.5            3.5             4.1            15.0                15.4                15.4

        ROIC                                                        26.0%                   25.2%             35.2%              11.5%              33.9%                23.5%                        32.2%                      34.7%
        Return on Equity                                               nmf               nmf            nmf            nmf             nmf             nmf              45.2 %              30.1 %
        Operating ROA                                               29.0%             24.9%          33.8%          10.6%           34.1%           26.1%                32.1%               32.5%
        Debt/Total Capital                                                                      57.9%                   85.8%             85.9%              71.5%              67.8%                71.4%                        58.6%                      42.5%

      Cash Flow AnalysisCash Flow AnalysisCash Flow AnalysisCash Flow Analysis
        Operating cash flow                                          13.5                3.1            1.9            0.5             2.4             8.0                20.8                23.7
        Free cash flow                                               12.4                2.7            1.7            0.2             2.2             6.8                19.8                22.7    
   
  Source: Company reports and Canaccord Genuity estimates 
   
 
                                                       

                                                                                                                                                                                                     

                                                                                                                                                                                                      292
---------------------Page 19---------------------

                                                                                                                     Daily Letter |   19 
                                                                                                                            7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                                           
APPENDIX: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
Analyst Certification:         Each authoring analyst of Canaccord Genuity whose name appears on the front page of this investment 
                               research hereby certifies that (i) the recommendations and opinions expressed in this investment research 
                               accurately reflect the authoring analyst’s personal, independent and objective views about any and all of the 
                               designated investments or relevant issuers discussed herein that are within such authoring analyst’s coverage 
                               universe and (ii) no part of the authoring analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, 
                               related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the authoring analyst in the investment 
                               research. 
                                
Site Visit:                    An analyst has visited the issuer's material operations in Ridgefield, Connecticut. No payment or 
                               reimbursement was received from the issuer for the related travel costs. 
                                                                              
Price Chart:*   

                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                            
Distribution of Ratings:                             Coverage Universe Coverage UniverseCoverage UniverseCoverage Universe                      
Global Stock Ratings                                                                        IB Clients IB ClientsIB ClientsIB Clients    
(as of 3 August 2011)            Rating RatingRatingRating              # ###   % %%%         % %%%   
                                 Buy                                                                    478         60%             38.5% 
                                 Speculative Buy                                           79         10%             65.8% 
                                 Hold                                                                  222         28%             18.9% 
                                 Sell                                                                       12            2%             25.0% 
                                                                                                              791      100%       
                                   
Canaccord Ratings              BUY: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjusteBUY:BUY:BUY:d returns of over 10% during the next 12 months. 
System:                        HOLD: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjustHOLD:HOLD:HOLD:ed returns of 0-10% during the next 12 months. 
                               SELL: The stock is expected to generate negative riSELL:SELL:SELL:sk-adjusted returns during the next 12 months. 
                               NOT RATED: Canaccord Genuity does not provide reseaNOT RATED:NOT RATED:NOT RATED:rch coverage of the relevant issuer. 
                                
                               “Risk-adjusted return” refers to the expected return in relation to the amount of risk associated with the 
                               designated investment or the relevant issuer.    
                                   
Risk Qualifier:                SPECULATIVE: Stocks bear significantly higher risk SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:that typically cannot be valued by normal fundamental 
                               criteria. Investments in the stock may result in material loss.    
                                

                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                          293
---------------------Page 20---------------------

                                                                                                              Daily Letter |   20 
                                                                                                                    7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                                 
Canaccord Research Disclosures as of 7 September 2011          
                             Company CompanyCompanyCompany                            Disclosure DisclosureDisclosureDisclosure    
                             The Chefs' Warehouse The Chefs' WarehouseThe Chefs' WarehouseThe Chefs' Warehouse                                                                       1A, 2, 3, 5, 7  1A, 2, 3, 5, 7 1A, 2, 3, 5, 71A, 2, 3, 5, 7    
                             United Natural Foods United Natural FoodsUnited Natural FoodsUnited Natural Foods                                                                          5,   5, 75, 5,  7 77   
                                                                         
                         1   The relevant issuer currently is, or in the past 12 months was, a client of Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated 
                             companies. During this period, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies provided the following services 
                             to the relevant issuer: 
                             A.  investment banking services. 
                             B.  non-investment banking securities-related services. 
                             C.  non-securities related services. 
                         2   In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies have received compensation for 
                             Corporate Finance/Investment Banking services from the relevant issuer. 
                         3   In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies have been lead manager, co-lead 
                             manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities of the relevant issuer or any publicly disclosed offer 
                             of securities of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives. 
                         4   Canaccord Genuity acts as corporate broker for the relevant issuer and/or Canaccord Genuity or any of its 
                             affiliated companies may have an agreement with the relevant issuer relating to the provision of Corporate 
                             Finance/Investment Banking services.  
                         5   Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies is a market maker or liquidity provider in the securities 
                             of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives.  
                         6   In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity, its partners, affiliated companies, officers or directors, or any 
                             authoring analyst involved in the preparation of this investment research has provided services to the 
                             relevant issuer for remuneration, other than normal course investment advisory or trade execution services. 
                         7   Canaccord Genuity intends to seek or expects to receive compensation for Corporate Finance/Investment 
                             Banking services from the relevant issuer in the next six months. 
                         8   The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a long position in the shares or derivatives, or has any other 
                             financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying equity 
                             increases. 
                         9   The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a short position in the shares or derivatives, or has any 
                             other financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying 
                             equity decreases. 
                       10    Those persons identified as the author(s) of this investment research, or any individual involved in the 
                             preparation of this investment research, have purchased/received shares in the relevant issuer prior to a 
                             public offering of those shares, and such person’s name and details are disclosed above.  
                       11    A partner, director, officer, employee or agent of Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies, or a 
                             member of his/her household, is an officer, or director, or serves as an advisor or board member of the 
                             relevant issuer and/or one of its subsidiaries, and such person’s name is disclosed above.  
                       12    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliate 
                             companies, in the aggregate, beneficially owned 1% or more of any class of the total issued share capital or 
                             other common equity securities of the relevant issuer or held any other financial interests in the relevant 
                             issuer which are significant in relation to the investment research (as disclosed above). 
                       13    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, the relevant issuer owned 1% or more of 
                             any class of the total issued share capital in Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies.  
                       14    Other specific disclosures as described above. 
                              
                             Canaccord Genuity is the business name used by certain subsidiaries of Canaccord Financial Inc., including 
                             Canaccord Genuity Inc., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Corp.  
                             The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research are employed by 
                             Canaccord Genuity Corp. a Canadian broker-dealer with principal offices located in Vancouver, Calgary, 
                             Toronto, Montreal, or Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US broker-dealer with principal offices located in Boston, 
                             New York, San Francisco and Houston or Canaccord Genuity Limited., a UK broker-dealer with principal 
                             offices located in London and Edinburgh (UK). 
                             In the event that this is compendium investment research (covering six or more relevant issuers), Canaccord 
                             Genuity and its affiliated companies may choose to provide specific disclosures of the subject companies by 
                             reference, as well as its policies and procedures regarding the dissemination of investment research. To 

                                                                                                                                                 

                                                                                                                                                294
---------------------Page 21---------------------

                                                                                                            Daily Letter |   21 
                                                                                                                  7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                              
                            access this material or for more information, please send a request to Canaccord Genuity Research, Attn: 
                            Disclosures, P.O. Box 10337 Pacific Centre, 2200-609 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7Y 1H2 or 
                            disclosures@canaccordgenuity.com. 
                            The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research have received (or 
                            will receive) compensation based upon (among other factors) the Corporate Finance/Investment Banking 
                            revenues and general profits of Canaccord Genuity. However, such authoring analysts have not received, and 
                            will not receive, compensation that is directly based upon or linked to one or more specific Corporate 
                            Finance/Investment Banking activities, or to recommendations contained in the investment research. 
                            Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies may have a Corporate Finance/Investment Banking or other 
                            relationship with the company that is the subject of this investment research and may trade in any of the 
                            designated investments mentioned herein either for their own account or the accounts of their customers, in 
                            good faith or in the normal course of market making. Accordingly, Canaccord Genuity or their affiliated 
                            companies, principals or employees (other than the authoring analyst(s) who prepared this investment 
                            research) may at any time have a long or short position in any such designated investments, related 
                            designated investments or in options, futures or other derivative instruments based thereon.  
                            Some regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing 
                            conflicts of interest arising as a result of publication or distribution of investment research. This investment 
                            research has been prepared in accordance with Canaccord Genuity’s policy on managing conflicts of interest, 
                            and information barriers or firewalls have been used where appropriate. Canaccord Genuity’s policy is 
                            available upon request.  
                            The information contained in this investment research has been compiled by Canaccord Genuity from sources 
                            believed to be reliable, but (with the exception of the information about Canaccord Genuity) no representation 
                            or warranty, express or implied, is made by Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            as to its fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness. Canaccord Genuity has not independently verified 
                            the facts, assumptions, and estimates contained herein. All estimates, opinions and other information 
                            contained in this investment research constitute Canaccord Genuity’s judgement as of the date of this 
                            investment research, are subject to change without notice and are provided in good faith but without legal 
                            responsibility or liability. 
                            Canaccord Genuity’s salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market 
                            commentary or trading strategies to our clients and our proprietary trading desk that reflect opinions that are 
                            contrary to the opinions expressed in this investment research. Canaccord Genuity’s affiliates, principal 
                            trading desk, and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
                            recommendations or views expressed in this investment research. 
                            This investment research is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or 
                            solicitation to buy or sell any designated investments discussed herein in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
                            solicitation would be prohibited. As a result, the designated investments discussed in this investment 
                            research may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This investment research is not, and under no 
                            circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as a securities broker or dealer in any jurisdiction 
                            by any person or company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or 
                            dealer in that jurisdiction. This material is prepared for general circulation to clients and does not have 
                            regard to the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors 
                            should obtain advice based on their own individual circumstances before making an investment decision. To 
                            the fullest extent permitted by law, none of Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from or relating to any use of the 
                            information contained in this investment research. 
                             
For Canadian Residents:     This Investment Research has been approved by Canaccord Genuity Corp., which accepts sole responsibility 
                            for this Investment Research and its dissemination in Canada. Canadian clients wishing to effect transactions 
                            in any Designated Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity 
                            Corp. in their particular jurisdiction. 
                                
For United Kingdom          This investment research is distributed in the United Kingdom, as third party research by Canaccord Genuity 
Residents:                  Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. This research is for 
                            distribution only to  persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients only and is exempt from 
                            the general restrictions in section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 on the communication of 
                            invitations or inducements to engage in investment activity on the grounds that it is being distributed in the 
                            United Kingdom only to persons of a kind described in Article 19(5) (Investment Professionals) and 49(2) 
                            (High Net Worth companies, unincorporated associations etc) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
                            (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended). It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or 
                            indirectly, to any other class of persons. This material is not for distribution in the United Kingdom to retail 
                            clients, as defined under the rules of the Financial Services Authority. 
                                
For United States           Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US registered broker-dealer, accepts responsibility for this Investment Research 
Residents:                  and its dissemination in the United States. This Investment Research is intended for distribution in the United 

                                                                                                                                               

                                                                                                                                              295
---------------------Page 22---------------------

                                                                                                           Daily Letter |   22 
                                                                                                                 7 September 2011 

                                                                                                                                             
                            States only to certain US institutional investors. US clients wishing to effect transactions in any Designated 
                            Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity Inc. Analyst(s) 
                            preparing this report that are not employed by Canaccord Genuity Inc are resident outside the United States 
                            and are not associated persons or employees of any US regulated broker-dealer. Such analyst(s) may not be 
                            subject to Rule 2711 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading 
                            securities held by a research analyst account. 
                             
For European Residents:     If this Investment Research is intended for disclosure in any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom, the 
                            US or Canada, then the relevant rules and regulatory requirements of that jurisdiction will apply.    
                             
                            Additional information is available on request. Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Corp. 2011. – Member IIROC/Canadian Investor Protection Fund 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Limited 2011. – Member LSE, authorized and regulated by the Financial 
                            Services Authority. 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Inc. 2011. – Member FINRA/SIPC 
                            All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under 
                            copyright to Canaccord Genuity Corp., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Inc. None of the 
                            material, nor its content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any 
                            other party, without the prior express written permission of the entities listed above.    
                                                                       
                                                                       
   

                                                                                                                                             

                                                                                                                                             296
