---------------------Page 1---------------------

                                                                                                   Flash Update |   1 
                                                                                                           28 October 2011 

 
 

                                                                                                                                    

 The Chefs' Warehouse                                                         Scott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFAScott Van Winkle, CFA                          1.617.371.3759 
                                                                              svanwinkle@canaccordgenuity.com 
 CHEF : NASDAQ : US$13.93                                                     Chris MandevilleChris MandevilleChris MandevilleChris Mandeville                                     1.617.371.3728 

 Buy | US$18.00 Target                                                        cmandeville@canaccordgenuity.com 
 
                                                                                                                                       

 

GROWTH KEEPS COOKING; REITERATE BUY AND $18 TARGET  

Investment recommendation 
We expect that CHEF will deliver an EPS growth CAGR of over 20% over the next few years and believe the company has 
considerable geographic growth opportunities to deliver years of growth well above the specialty food sector overall.    

Investment highlights 
•   CHEF delivers a strong Q3 with EPS of $0.19 on an adjusted basis vs. $0.17 last year, meeting consensus despite a $0.01 
    impact from Hurricane Irene and higher spending integrating the Harry Wils acquisition. The business is clearly trending 
    ahead of Street expectations. 

•   Revenue was up 20% to $102M vs. consensus of $98M as internal growth remained strong near 14% and acquisition 
    contribution was a little ahead of our forecast. We expect the sales momentum to continue with incremental earnings 
    leverage vs. Q3. 

•   Concerns over CHEF’s exposure to discretionary spending and its concentration in New York with a volatile Wall Street 
    outlook are obviously overblown, in our view, and we believe that investors will begin to recognize that the company can 
    grow through today’s environment. We expect the valuation to re-expand as the consistency of revenue growth is further 
    illustrated despite the economic backdrop. 

•   Guidance for both revenue and EPS was maintained, with the high end of the revenue guidance the right place to be. We 
    have not had an opportunity to yet reflect the Q3 revenue upside in our forecasts. 

•   We reiterate our BUY rating and $18 price target. Our investment thesis is incrementally validated as CHEF’s robust 
    growth continues and its integration of Harry Wils, while a little more costly in its first quarter, is tracking 10-20% above 
    our revenue contribution forecast. The growth of specialty foods, market share gains and acquisition opportunities are 
    the foundation of our expectation that CHEF can be a consistent double-digit grower, and each was evident in the Q3 
    results. 

Valuation 
At 14.8x F2012 P/E and 8.9x F2012 EBITDA, we view valuation as attractive and believe shares deserve a premium valuation 
relative to the food distribution sector (average of 11.5x F2012 P/E and 6.5x F2012 EBITDA) given the superior growth and 
margins. We maintain our target of $18, which is based on a multiple of 9.5x F2013 EBITDA.        

 

Canaccord GenuityCanaccord Canaccord Canaccord  Genuity is the global capital markets group of CanaGenuityGenuity  is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord Fccord Financial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM) inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)    
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this Investment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the Investment Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, 
independent and objective views about any and all tindependenindependenindependen t and objective views about any and all the Designat and objective views about any and all the Designat and objective views about any and all the Designahe Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers discted Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed hereted Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed hereted Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed hereussed herein. For important in. For important in. For important in. For important 
iniiinfnnfofforoormrrmammataatittioiionoon,nn, ,, p  plpplelleaeeasaasesse ee s  sesseeeee ee t  thtthehhe ee I  ImIImpmmpopporoortrrtattanaantnnt tt D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerresees ss s  sesseceectcctittioiionoon nn i  iniin nn t  thtthehhe ee a  apaapppppeppeneendnndiddixiix xx o  ofoof ff t  thtthihhisiis ss d  doddocoocuccumuumemmeneentnnt tt o  oroor rr v  vivvisiisissitiit tt C  CaCCanaanannacaacccccoccoroordrrd dd G  GeGGeneenunnuiuuitiitytty’yy’s’’s ss   OnOOOnlnnlilliniinenne ee D  DiDDisiiscssclcclollosoosussuruurerre ee   
DaDDDataatattabaababbasaasesseee. ...   
                                                                                                                                   244
---------------------Page 2---------------------

                                                                                                    Flash Update |   2 
                                                                                                            28 October 2011 

                                                                                                                                     
                                     Investment risks 
                                     Key risks that may impede the achievement of our forecasts and/or price target include the 
                                     following: 

                                     A rise in commodity prices: While normally beneficial for food distributors, excessive 
                                     commodity costs, which have been volatile over the last several years, could alter 
                                     consumption behavior and lower consumer demand. Major products sold that have had 
                                     their inputs fluctuate greatly are dairy, wheat, flour, and cooking oils. Additionally, rises in 
                                     fuel costs could negatively impact CHEF's operations. 

                                     Economic sensitivity: Given CHEF's focus on higher end food service establishments, the 
                                     company is exposures to potential sales volatility as consumer confidence and spending 
                                     fluctuation. Recent concerns surrounding incremental economic weakness have impacted 
                                     the performance of the shares. 

                                     Competitive activity: Despite its favorable positioning in specialty foods, competition in the 
                                     food distribution industry is fierce and CHEF competes with larger food companies with 
                                     greater resources. Market leaders include Sysco, U.S. Foodservices, Inc and United Natural 
                                     Foods. 

                                     Market concentration: CHEF operations are concentrated in six markets, leaving the 
                                     Company susceptible to economic downturns. As of the end of 2010, 66% of CHEF's total 
                                     sales originated from the New York market.  

                                     Acquisition and integration risk: CHEF has made several acquisitions over its history and it 
                                     remains a key growth initiative. The specialty foods distribution industry is highly 
                                     fragmented and the Company has indicated plans for future acquisitions. Future 
                                     acquisitions could strain management resources; result in sales disruptions or loss of key 
                                     personnel and the company may not achieve expected cost reductions or distribution 
                                     gains.  

                                     Product recalls and/or food safety concerns: CHEF products are ingested and any concern 
                                     about food safety or quality can impair consumer confidence in the brands sold through 
                                     CHEF. The risk of adverse health impacts is always present.  

                                     Industry regulation: CHEF's line of business is highly regulated at the federal, state and 
                                     local levels, and its specialty food products and distribution operations require various 
                                     licenses, permits and approvals. Suppliers are also subject to similar regulatory 
                                     requirements and oversight. In addition, as a distributor of specialty food products, CHEF 
                                     is subject to increasing governmental scrutiny of and public awareness regarding food 
                                     safety and the sale, packaging and marketing of natural and organic products 

                                     Weather: Adverse weather conditions can significantly impact CHEF's ability to profitably 
                                     and efficiently conduct its operations and, in severe cases, could result in its trucks being 
                                     unable to make deliveries or cause the temporary closure or the destruction of one or more 
                                     of its distribution centers. 

                                     In addition, we strongly urge investors to review the complete set of risk factors that can be 
                                     found in The Chefs' Warehouse's most recent regulatory filing.    

                                                                                                                                        
Canaccord GenuityCanaccord Canaccord Canaccord  Genuity is the global capital markets group of CanaGenuityGenuity  is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord F is the global capital markets group of Canaccord Fccord Financial Inc. (CF : TSinancial Inc. (CF : TSX | CF. : AIM)inancial Inc. (CF : TSinancial Inc. (CF : TS X | CF. : AIM) X | CF. : AIM)X | CF. : AIM)    
The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this The recommendations and opinions expressed in this Investment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the InvestmeInvestment Research accurately reflect the Investment Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, nt Analyst’s personal, 
independent and objective views about any and all tindependent and objective views about any and all tindependent and objective views about any and all tindependent and objective views about any and all the Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers dische Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers dische Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers dische Designated Investments and Relevant Issuers discussed herein. For important ussed herein. ussed herein. ussed herein.  For important For important For important 
information, please see the Important Disclosures sinformation, please see the Important Disclosures sinformation, please see the Important Disclosures sinformation, please see the Important Disclosures section in the appendix of this document or visit Caection in the appendix of this document or visit Caection in the appendix of this document or visit Caection in the appendix of this document or visit Canaccord Genuity’s naccord Genuity’s naccord Genuity’s naccord Genuity’s  Online Disclosure Online Disclosure Online Disclosure Online Disclosure 
DatabaseDatabaseDatabaseDatabase . ...   

                                                                                                                                    245
---------------------Page 3---------------------

                                                                                                                   Flash Update | 3 
                                                                                                                             28 October 2011 

                                                                                                                                                          
APPENDIX: IMPORTANT DISCLOSURES 
Analyst Certification:         Each authoring analyst of Canaccord Genuity whose name appears on the front page of this investment 
                               research hereby certifies that (i) the recommendations and opinions expressed in this investment research 
                               accurately reflect the authoring analyst’s personal, independent and objective views about any and all of the 
                               designated investments or relevant issuers discussed herein that are within such authoring analyst’s coverage 
                               universe and (ii) no part of the authoring analyst’s compensation was, is, or will be, directly or indirectly, 
                               related to the specific recommendations or views expressed by the authoring analyst in the investment 
                               research. 
                                
Site Visit:                    An analyst has visited the issuer's material operations in Ridgefield, Connecticut. No payment or 
                               reimbursement was received from the issuer for the related travel costs. 
                                                                             
Price Chart:*   

                                                                                                                                                     
                                                                                           
                                                                             
Distribution of Ratings:                             Coverage Universe Coverage UniverseCoverage UniverseCoverage Universe                      
Global Stock Ratings                                                                        IB Clients IB ClientsIB ClientsIB Clients    
(as of 3 October 2011)          Rating RatingRatingRating              # ###     % %%%        % %%%   
                                Buy                                                                    509      63.5%             35.6% 
                                Speculative Buy                                           86      10.7%             64.0% 
                                Hold                                                                  194      24.2%             17.0% 
                                Sell                                                                       12         1.5%             25.0% 
                                                                                                              801       100%       
                                   
Canaccord Ratings              BUY: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjusteBUY:BUY:BUY:d returns of over 10% during the next 12 months. 
System:                        HOLD: The stock is expected to generate risk-adjustHOLD:HOLD:HOLD:ed returns of 0-10% during the next 12 months. 
                               SELL: The stock is expected to generate negative riSELL:SELL:SELL:sk-adjusted returns during the next 12 months. 
                               NOT RATED: Canaccord Genuity does not provide reseaNOT RATED:NOT RATED:NOT RATED:rch coverage of the relevant issuer. 
                                
                               “Risk-adjusted return” refers to the expected return in relation to the amount of risk associated with the 
                               designated investment or the relevant issuer.    
                                   
Risk Qualifier:                SPECULATIVE: Stocks bear significantly higher risk SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:SPECULATIVE:that typically cannot be valued by normal fundamental 
                               criteria. Investments in the stock may result in material loss.    
                                

                                                                                                                                                           

                                                                                                                                                          246
---------------------Page 4---------------------

                                                                                                            Flash Update | 4 
                                                                                                                     28 October 2011 

                                                                                                                                                
Canaccord Research Disclosures as of 28 October 2011        
                             Company CompanyCompanyCompany                            Disclosure DisclosureDisclosureDisclosure    
                             The Chefs' Warehouse The Chefs' WarehouseThe Chefs' WarehouseThe Chefs' Warehouse                                                                       1A, 2, 3, 5, 7  1A, 2, 3, 5, 7 1A, 2, 3, 5, 71A, 2, 3, 5, 7    
                                                                        
                        1   The relevant issuer currently is, or in the past 12 months was, a client of Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated 
                            companies. During this period, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies provided the following services 
                            to the relevant issuer: 
                             A.  investment banking services. 
                             B.  non-investment banking securities-related services. 
                             C.  non-securities related services. 
                        2    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliated companies have received compensation for 
                             Corporate Finance/Investment Banking services from the relevant issuer. 
                        3    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies have been lead manager, co-lead 
                             manager or co-manager of a public offering of securities of the relevant issuer or any publicly disclosed offer 
                             of securities of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives. 
                        4    Canaccord Genuity acts as corporate broker for the relevant issuer and/or Canaccord Genuity or any of its 
                             affiliated companies may have an agreement with the relevant issuer relating to the provision of Corporate 
                             Finance/Investment Banking services.  
                        5    Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies is a market maker or liquidity provider in the securities 
                             of the relevant issuer or in any related derivatives.  
                        6    In the past 12 months, Canaccord Genuity, its partners, affiliated companies, officers or directors, or any 
                             authoring analyst involved in the preparation of this investment research has provided services to the 
                             relevant issuer for remuneration, other than normal course investment advisory or trade execution services. 
                        7    Canaccord Genuity intends to seek or expects to receive compensation for Corporate Finance/Investment 
                             Banking services from the relevant issuer in the next six months. 
                        8    The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a long position in the shares or derivatives, or has any other 
                             financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying equity 
                             increases. 
                        9    The authoring analyst, a member of the authoring analyst’s household, or any individual directly involved in 
                             the preparation of this investment research, has a short position in the shares or derivatives, or has any 
                             other financial interest in the relevant issuer, the value of which increases as the value of the underlying 
                             equity decreases. 
                       10    Those persons identified as the author(s) of this investment research, or any individual involved in the 
                             preparation of this investment research, have purchased/received shares in the relevant issuer prior to a 
                             public offering of those shares, and such person’s name and details are disclosed above.  
                       11    A partner, director, officer, employee or agent of Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies, or a 
                             member of his/her household, is an officer, or director, or serves as an advisor or board member of the 
                             relevant issuer and/or one of its subsidiaries, and such person’s name is disclosed above. 
                       12    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, Canaccord Genuity or its affiliate 
                             companies, in the aggregate, beneficially owned 1% or more of any class of the total issued share capital or 
                             other common equity securities of the relevant issuer or held any other financial interests in the relevant 
                             issuer which are significant in relation to the investment research (as disclosed above). 
                       13    As of the month end immediately preceding the date of publication of this investment research, or the prior 
                             month end if publication is within 10 days following a month end, the relevant issuer owned 1% or more of 
                             any class of the total issued share capital in Canaccord Genuity or any of its affiliated companies.  
                       14    Other specific disclosures as described above. 
                              
                             Canaccord Genuity is the business name used by certain subsidiaries of Canaccord Financial Inc., including 
                             Canaccord Genuity Inc., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Corp.  
                             The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research are employed by 
                             Canaccord Genuity Corp. a Canadian broker-dealer with principal offices located in Vancouver, Calgary, 
                             Toronto, Montreal, or Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US broker-dealer with principal offices located in Boston, 
                             New York, San Francisco and Houston or Canaccord Genuity Limited., a UK broker-dealer with principal 
                             offices located in London and Edinburgh (UK). 
                             In the event that this is compendium investment research (covering six or more relevant issuers), Canaccord 
                             Genuity and its affiliated companies may choose to provide specific disclosures of the subject companies by 
                             reference, as well as its policies and procedures regarding the dissemination of investment research. To 
                             access this material or for more information, please send a request to Canaccord Genuity Research, Attn: 

                                                                                                                                                

                                                                                                                                               247
---------------------Page 5---------------------

                                                                                                           Flash Update | 5 
                                                                                                                    28 October 2011 

                                                                                                                                              
                            Disclosures, P.O. Box 10337 Pacific Centre, 2200-609 Granville Street, Vancouver, BC, Canada V7Y 1H2 or 
                            disclosures@canaccordgenuity.com. 
                            The authoring analysts who are responsible for the preparation of this investment research have received (or 
                            will receive) compensation based upon (among other factors) the Corporate Finance/Investment Banking 
                            revenues and general profits of Canaccord Genuity. However, such authoring analysts have not received, and 
                            will not receive, compensation that is directly based upon or linked to one or more specific Corporate 
                            Finance/Investment Banking activities, or to recommendations contained in the investment research. 
                            Canaccord Genuity and its affiliated companies may have a Corporate Finance/Investment Banking or other 
                            relationship with the company that is the subject of this investment research and may trade in any of the 
                            designated investments mentioned herein either for their own account or the accounts of their customers, in 
                            good faith or in the normal course of market making. Accordingly, Canaccord Genuity or their affiliated 
                            companies, principals or employees (other than the authoring analyst(s) who prepared this investment 
                            research) may at any time have a long or short position in any such designated investments, related 
                            designated investments or in options, futures or other derivative instruments based thereon.  
                            Some regulators require that a firm must establish, implement and make available a policy for managing 
                            conflicts of interest arising as a result of publication or distribution of investment research. This investment 
                            research has been prepared in accordance with Canaccord Genuity’s policy on managing conflicts of interest, 
                            and information barriers or firewalls have been used where appropriate. Canaccord Genuity’s policy is 
                            available upon request.  
                            The information contained in this investment research has been compiled by Canaccord Genuity from sources 
                            believed to be reliable, but (with the exception of the information about Canaccord Genuity) no representation 
                            or warranty, express or implied, is made by Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            as to its fairness, accuracy, completeness or correctness. Canaccord Genuity has not independently verified 
                            the facts, assumptions, and estimates contained herein. All estimates, opinions and other information 
                            contained in this investment research constitute Canaccord Genuity’s judgement as of the date of this 
                            investment research, are subject to change without notice and are provided in good faith but without legal 
                            responsibility or liability. 
                            Canaccord Genuity’s salespeople, traders, and other professionals may provide oral or written market 
                            commentary or trading strategies to our clients and our proprietary trading desk that reflect opinions that are 
                            contrary to the opinions expressed in this investment research. Canaccord Genuity’s affiliates, principal 
                            trading desk, and investing businesses may make investment decisions that are inconsistent with the 
                            recommendations or views expressed in this investment research. 
                            This investment research is provided for information purposes only and does not constitute an offer or 
                            solicitation to buy or sell any designated investments discussed herein in any jurisdiction where such offer or 
                            solicitation would be prohibited. As a result, the designated investments discussed in this investment 
                            research may not be eligible for sale in some jurisdictions. This investment research is not, and under no 
                            circumstances should be construed as, a solicitation to act as a securities broker or dealer in any jurisdiction 
                            by any person or company that is not legally permitted to carry on the business of a securities broker or 
                            dealer in that jurisdiction. This material is prepared for general circulation to clients and does not have 
                            regard to the investment objectives, financial situation or particular needs of any particular person. Investors 
                            should obtain advice based on their own individual circumstances before making an investment decision. To 
                            the fullest extent permitted by law, none of Canaccord Genuity, its affiliated companies or any other person 
                            accepts any liability whatsoever for any direct or consequential loss arising from or relating to any use of the 
                            information contained in this investment research. 
                             
For Canadian Residents:     This Investment Research has been approved by Canaccord Genuity Corp., which accepts sole responsibility 
                            for this Investment Research and its dissemination in Canada. Canadian clients wishing to effect transactions 
                            in any Designated Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity 
                            Corp. in their particular jurisdiction. 
                                
For United Kingdom          This investment research is distributed in the United Kingdom, as third party research by Canaccord Genuity 
Residents:                  Limited, which is authorized and regulated by the Financial Services Authority. This research is for 
                            distribution only to  persons who are Eligible Counterparties or Professional Clients only and is exempt from 
                            the general restrictions in section 21 of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 on the communication of 
                            invitations or inducements to engage in investment activity on the grounds that it is being distributed in the 
                            United Kingdom only to persons of a kind described in Article 19(5) (Investment Professionals) and 49(2) 
                            (High Net Worth companies, unincorporated associations etc) of the Financial Services and Markets Act 2000 
                            (Financial Promotion) Order 2005 (as amended). It is not intended to be distributed or passed on, directly or 
                            indirectly, to any other class of persons. This material is not for distribution in the United Kingdom to retail 
                            clients, as defined under the rules of the Financial Services Authority. 
                                
For United States           Canaccord Genuity Inc., a US registered broker-dealer, accepts responsibility for this Investment Research 
Residents:                  and its dissemination in the United States. This Investment Research is intended for distribution in the United 
                            States only to certain US institutional investors. US clients wishing to effect transactions in any Designated 

                                                                                                                                               

                                                                                                                                              248
---------------------Page 6---------------------

                                                                                                         Flash Update | 6 
                                                                                                                  28 October 2011 

                                                                                                                                            
                            Investment discussed should do so through a qualified salesperson of Canaccord Genuity Inc. Analyst(s) 
                            preparing this report that are not employed by Canaccord Genuity Inc are resident outside the United States 
                            and are not associated persons or employees of any US regulated broker-dealer. Such analyst(s) may not be 
                            subject to Rule 2711 restrictions on communications with a subject company, public appearances and trading 
                            securities held by a research analyst account. 
                             
For European Residents:     If this Investment Research is intended for disclosure in any jurisdiction other than the United Kingdom, the 
                            US or Canada, then the relevant rules and regulatory requirements of that jurisdiction will apply.    
                             
                            Additional information is available on request. Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.Additional information is available on request.
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Corp. 2011. – Member IIROC/Canadian Investor Protection Fund 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Limited 2011. – Member LSE, authorized and regulated by the Financial 
                            Services Authority. 
                            Copyright © Canaccord Genuity Inc. 2011. – Member FINRA/SIPC 
                            All rights reserved. All material presented in this document, unless specifically indicated otherwise, is under 
                            copyright to Canaccord Genuity Corp., Canaccord Genuity Limited, and Canaccord Genuity Inc. None of the 
                            material, nor its content, nor any copy of it, may be altered in any way, or transmitted to or distributed to any 
                            other party, without the prior express written permission of the entities listed above.    
                                                                      
                                                                      
   

                                                                                                                                            

                                                                                                                                            249
